Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] community-wide mask wearing may contribute to the control of covid-19 by reducing the amount of emission of infected saliva and respiratory droplets from individuals with subclinical or mild covid-19.

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] observational evidence suggests that mask wearing mitigates transmission of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2).

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] the current evidence suggests that masks are efficacious in limiting the transmission of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov2).

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] the purpose of this article is twofold: to provide a brief literature review on the unequivocal scientific evidence that masks reduce community transmission in view of the current pandemic, review mask use in children and to compare and contrast attitudes to mask wearing during the spanish flu and the covid-19 pandemic, and analyse where these attitudes stem from.

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] although the benefit of population-level public facial masking to protect others during the covid-19 pandemic has received a great deal of attention, we discuss for one of the first times the hypothesis that universal masking reduces the "inoculum" or dose of the virus for the mask-wearer, leading to more mild and asymptomatic infection manifestations.

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] we assessed the effect of community-wide mask usage to control coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) in hong kong special administrative region (hksar).

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] educating the public on the effectiveness of masks can increase compliance whilst reducing morbidity and mortality.

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] the use of masks during a pandemic can minimize the spread of influenza and its economic impact, yet mask-wearing compliance in adults is often poor.

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] since the emergence of the covid-19 pandemic, the use of face masks by healthy individuals for prevention has been attracting public attention.

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] there is sufficient evidence indicating that masks, if worn properly and consistently, are an effective nonpharmaceutical intervention in the control of disease spread.

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] masks are thought to have two modes of effect: they prevent infection with covid-19 in wearers; and prevent transmission by individuals with subclinical infection.

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] donning masks can play an important role in curbing the spread of sars-cov-2.

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] the recommendation to wear surgical masks to supplement other public health measures did not reduce the sars-cov-2 infection rate among wearers by more than 50% in a community with modest infection rates, some degree of social distancing, and uncommon general mask use.

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] during the covid-19 pandemic, face masks have been employed as a public and personal health control measure against the spread of sars-cov-2.

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] to assess whether recommending surgical mask use outside the home reduces wearers' risk for sars-cov-2 infection in a setting where masks were uncommon and not among recommended public health measures.

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] wearing face masks is one of the essential means to prevent the transmission of certain respiratory diseases such as coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19).

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] in community settings, however, cloth masks may be used to prevent community spread of infections by sick or asymptomatically infected persons, and the public should be educated about their correct use.

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] cloth masks have been used in healthcare and community settings to protect the wearer from respiratory infections.

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] we set out to determine the prevalence of wearing masks to prevent covid-19 and compliance with appropriate measures for the correct use of face masks among the general public in japan where wearing medical masks is a "cultural" normality.

Can masks reduce corona infections when worn by a large proportion of the population? [SEP] masks, even with suboptimal efficacy in both prevention of acquisition and transmission of infection, could substantially decrease the reproduction number for covid-19 if widely used. |||

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] we report 12 such successive cases where the patients developed vague feelings of discomfort, dizziness, chest discomfort and ventricular arrhythmias following herbal drug ingestion which warranted the immediate discontinuation of the drug.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] the root of angelica dahurica bentham et hooker (umbelliferae) has been used as a traditional medicine for colds, headache, dizziness, toothache, supraorbital pain, nasal congestion, acne, ulcer, carbuncle, and rheumatism in china, japan, and korea.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] these results suggest that the homeopathic anax-i exerts antidepressant, anxiolytic and analgesic-like effects and causes hyperlocomotion and weight loss.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] an herbal mixture prepared with cinnamomi ramulus, anemarrhenae rhizoma and alpiniae officinari rhizoma (caa) is used in oriental medicine for treating several ailments.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] the roots of the plant aconitum heterophyllum (eah) are traditionally used for curing hysteria, throat infection, dyspepsia, abdominal pain, diabetes, and diarrhea.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] achyranthes aspera l. is traditionally used to relieve constipation, diarrhea, and asthma.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate effects of homeopathic anax imperator (dragonfly) (anax-i 30c and anax-i 200c) in the forced swim test (fst), elevated plus-maze (epm) test, hot plate (hp) test and open field test and examined npy1 receptor expression, in naive mice.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] the aim of this study was to provide pharmacological evidence for the anti-hypertensive effect of a. dahurica by investigating the mechanism underlying its vasorelaxant effect.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] the results obtained in this study suggest that the aqueous leaf extract of c. bicolor possess antidiarrhoeal activity due to its anti-motility effect possibly via antagonist action on intestinal muscarinic receptors and agonist action on intestinal α2-adrenoceptors.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] the root of averrhoa carambola l. (oxalidaceae), a traditional chinese medicine, was mainly used in ancient times in the treatment of urinary calculi, recurrent headache and joint pain.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] when studied for analgesic activity, the crude extract and its aqueous fraction produced a dose-dependent (10-100 mg/kg) inhibitory effect on formalin-induced nociception in mice and acetic acid-induced writhing in rats, similar to aspirin.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] this study was conducted to evaluate the antidiarrhoeal activity of the aqueous leaf extract of c. bicolor and its possible mechanisms of action in rodents.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] alismatis rhizoma decoction (ard) is a classical traditional chinese medicine (tcm) formula for treatment of vertigo with its long history of successful clinical effect.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] it is also popular as a remedy against inflammatory disorders in the unani (greco-arab) system of medicine.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] the marshland plant cyperus articulatus (cyperaceae) is commonly used in traditional medicine in africa and latin america to treat a wide variety of human diseases ranging from headache to epilepsy.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] this product is composed of homeopathic dilutions of aconitum napellus, arsenicum album (arsenic trioxide), bryonia alba, lachesis muta venom and thuya occidentalis.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] the vasorelaxant effects of a 70% methanol extract of the a. dahurica root (ade) on rat thoracic aorta and its underlying mechanisms were assessed.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] different parts of anethum sowa l. is used in folk medicine as a carminative for the treatment of flatulence, colic and hiccups of infants and children, antioxidant, antimicrobial and antispasmodic agent.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] alpinia calcarata roscoe (family: zingiberaceae) rhizomes are often used in sri lankan traditional systems of medicine as a remedy for bronchitis, cough, respiratory ailments, diabetics, asthma and arthritis.

Can homeopathic preparations with Anamirta cocculus help against dizziness? [SEP] we conclude that the purported beneficial effects of cyperus articulatus might at least partially be due to inhibition of nmda-mediated neurotransmission. |||

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] subjects administered activated and micronized zeolites had equivalent antioxidant activities as subjects administered vitamin e. activated and micronized zeolites may be useful as a modulator of oxidative stress in smokers.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] to evaluate activated and micronized zeolites as modulators of cellular oxidative stress in mexican smokers without lung diseases.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] zeolite 4a, synthetic silicate, has been shown to exhibit diverse biological activities such as anti-cancer and anti-oxidant activity.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] in this study, we demonstrated that a common zeolite, clinoptilolite, is able to maintain the general health and well-being of mice and prevent iron-induced deleterious effects following iron overload.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] zeolites may have translational potential for use in cases of human iron overload.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] here, we postulated that zeolites may be able to counter the effects of excess iron and conducted a mouse model trial to gauge the utility of this notion.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] twelve weeks of zeolite supplementation exerted beneficial effects on intestinal wall integrity as indicated via decreased concentrations of the tight junction modulator zonulin.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] this study evaluated whether zeolite supplementation affects biomarkers of intestinal wall permeability and parameters of oxidation and inflammation in aerobically trained individuals, and whether it could improve their performance.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] activated and micronized zeolites are used as detoxifying agents in humans.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] after 12 weeks with zeolite zonulin was significantly (p < 0.05) decreased in the supplemented group.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] in the present study, we report that the zeolite 4a may improve skin-whitening.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] we found that zeolite 4a inhibited melanin production in a dose-dependent manner, which has not cytotoxicity.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] the zeolite was therefore promising for practical water purification and industrialization.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] we also found that zeolite 4a decreased alpha-msh-induced microphthalmia-associated transcription factor (mitf) and tyrosinase expression and that zeolite 4a induced the activation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase (erk).

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] today, zeolite appears as an interesting alternative for the symptomatic treatment of acute diarrhea.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] zeolites are currently in a transition period, moving towards implementation in human ailments and diseases.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] however little is known regarding the underlying mechanisms of mitigation and especially how zeolite influences the microbial structuration.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] the results thus provide evidence that zeolite 4a can be used as a potential skin-whitening agent.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] the zeolite group of minerals has been suggested as a means of decreasing the uptake of radio-caesium by humans and domestic animals, and also to accelerate the excretion of radio-caesium which has already been absorbed.

Can zeolite alleviate or prevent health problems? [SEP] in a randomized, double-blinded, placebo controlled trial, 52 endurance trained men and women, similar in body fat, non-smokers, 20-50 years, received 1.85 g of zeolite per day for 12 weeks. |||

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] covid-19 poses an extraordinary threat to global public health and an effective vaccine could provide a key means of overcoming this crisis.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] vaccines against covid-19 have the potential to protect people before they are exposed to the infective form of the virus.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] as the coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) pandemic is sweeping across the globe, there is an urgent need to develop effective vaccines as the most powerful strategy to end the pandemic.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] nowadays, covid-19 also known as novel coronavirus has become a global pandemic by causing severe respiratory tract infections in humans without any definite treatment or vaccine.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] however, because of the involvement of pathogenic immune processes in many severe presentations of covid-19, eliciting an immune response with a vaccine must strike a delicate balance to achieve viral clearance without also inducing immune-mediated harm.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] coronavirus (covid-19) is highly infectious agent that causes fatal respiratory illnesses, which is of great global public health concern.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] the impact of how innate immunity, humoral immunity, and cell-mediated immunity play a role in a harmful versus helpful response is discussed, establishing principles to guide the development and evaluation of a safe but effective covid-19 vaccine.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] a significant portion of the u.s. population may experience vaccine hesitancy of a new covid-19 vaccine, which poses dangers to both the individual and their community, since exposure to a contagious disease places the person at risk, and individuals are far more likely to spread the disease to others if they do not get vaccinated.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] these principles can not only guide efforts toward a safe and effective covid-19 vaccine, but also the development of effective vaccines for viral pandemics to come.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] currently, there is no effective vaccine for tackling this covid19 pandemic where disease countermeasures rely upon preventing or slowing person-to-person transmission.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] currently, there are no vaccines available for covid-19, and the most effective way to curb its spread is to follow preventive practices.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] so far, no vaccine or definitive treatment for covid-19 has been invented, and the disease has become a pandemic.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] globally, the current coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) pandemic is resulting in high fatality rates.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] respiratory viral infections such as coronavirus (covid-19) will cause a great mortality, especially in people who underly lung diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary and asthma.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) is a public health emergency of international concern.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] the need for an effective vaccine to curb this pandemic cannot be overemphasized.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] when we have a vaccine against covid-19, who should be vaccinated first?

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] till now there are no vaccines and explicit medicines available for the treatment of covid-19 disease, therefore the initiatives like public health and social measures are helpful in limiting the quantity of contaminations and saving lives.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] people with pre-existing health conditions (pehc) are vulnerable to viral infection while health literacy (hl) and preventive behaviors (pb) have been shown to benefit people during the covid-19 pandemic.

Does paxlovid protect unvaccinated people with risk factors from severe or even fatal covid 19 disease? [SEP] these studies of coronaviruses could provide considerable benefits to public health; for instance, by improving and accelerating vaccine development. |||

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] we study if a late start of upper secondary education is related to health-related selection, namely health-compromising behaviours in adolescence.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] we examined associations between health in early adolescence and subsequent academic and employment outcomes, exploring potential mediators of these relationships to inform intervention strategies.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] encouraging adolescents to consider an academic future may achieve public health benefits, despite social factors that might otherwise precipitate poor health via an accelerated life history trajectory.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] school-based health education can help young people develop the knowledge, skills, motivation, and support they need to choose health-enhancing behaviors and resist engaging in behaviors that put them at risk for health and social problems and school failure.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] previous research finds adolescents expecting to attend university are more likely to demonstrate health-promoting behaviour than those not expecting university attendance.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] second, do later-occurring school factors explain the association between earlier school measures and the outcomes and, if so, what pathways account for this mediation effect?

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] we test if health in adolescence is associated with educational aspirations and whether these associations persist over and above sociodemographic background and academic achievement.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] our study investigates the relationship between adolescents' health and their subsequent school career, taking into account their parents' socioeconomic position.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] this study examines the role school factors play in the emergence of poor young adult health outcomes for a low-income, minority sample.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] adolescence is an important period as poor health might prevent students from making the best educational choices.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] yet there is increasing concern that health in adolescence may also influence educational attainments and future life chances.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] school and work participation in adolescence and young adulthood are important for future health and socioeconomic status.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] the health of school-age youth is significantly associated with their school achievement.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] our findings show that selection by health factors to different educational trajectories takes place at early teenage much before adolescents choose their educational track, thus supporting the health selection hypothesis in the creation of socioeconomic health inequalities.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] adolescents' high academic expectations predict future health and successful societal integration.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] using neuroscience, sociology, and other disciplines, we theorise that schools catering for students age 11-18 years can influence health by affecting the behavioural roles that are available for students to perform, the resources available to influence student behaviour, and how peers and teachers (known as the audience) respond.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] recent research suggests that healthier children learn better and that more educated adults are healthier.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] students with better health in adolescence were more likely to apply for the academic track, and those who were less healthy were more likely to apply for the vocational track.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] perceived health during adolescence has not only immediate consequences for individuals and for society, but also long-term.

Does starting school later improve health, learning success, and quality of life in adolescents? [SEP] the aim of this study was to analyse adolescents' self-reported positive health and its association with supportive factors in the school environment. |||

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] there is some claim for beneficial effects in cancer and lupus nephritis.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] in vitro studies have suggested that folium pyrrosiae (fp) has therapeutic potential in this context.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] roots, bark, stem/twigs, and leaves of fraxinus xanthoxyloides are being used regionally for the cure of malaria, jaundice, internal injuries, pneumonia, pain, rheumatism and also in fracture of bones.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] the fpe exerted stronger antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities which may be attributed to its high phenolic content.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] ficus exasperata have been reported to have wide applications in the treatment of many human diseases.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] the fpe treatment significantly inhibited the paw edema and the production of tnf- α and pge2 in msu crystal-induced rats.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] cures offer one-time resolution of symptoms; that is, with the benefit of a cure, there is no longer a medical problem in need of treatment.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] is being used traditionally in persian folk medicine to cure various ailments and has been supposed to have fertility-enhancing properties.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] the water extract of forsythiae fructus (wff) is an herbal remedy that is prescribed to treat various inflammatory diseases in traditional chinese medicine.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] ficus pandurata h. (moraceae) is widely used in traditional chinese medicine as a healthy food condiment or a medicine for treatment of various diseases including inflammation.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] ficus hispida l.f. (moraceae) has been used as alternative for traditional medicine in the treatment of various ailments including cancer-cure.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] conclusion the findings of this study provided strong scientific evidence for the traditional use of f. racemosa and postulate protective effects against diabetes and its complications such as dc and dn.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] xanthii fructus (xf) has long been used to treat a variety of inflammatory conditions in korean traditional medicine, but the underlying mechanisms that could explain the anti-inflammatory actions of xf remain largely unknown.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] also, its safety in the management of chronic disease conditions requires attention.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] far-infrared ray (fir) is an electromagnetic wave that produces various health benefits against pathophysiological conditions, such as diabetes mellitus, renocardiovascular disorders, stress, and depression etc.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] through this study we affirmed the ameliorating role of f. xanthoxyloides in oxidative stress affiliated disorders of kidney.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] fisetin and hesperetin, naturally occurring flavonoids, have been reported as novel antioxidants with chemopreventive/chemotherapeutic potential against various types of cancer.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] remedies offer temporary, situational relief of symptoms.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] this study aimed to elucidate the anti-inflammatory effects of x. fructus (xf) and to examine its underlying molecular mechanisms in lipopolysaccharide (lps)-stimulated raw 264.7 macrophages.

Does the F.X. Mayr cure have health benefits? Can it prevent diseases or treat them? [SEP] fp does not have potential as a therapeutic agent in the management of caox kidney stone disease. |||

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] soy and some of its constituents, such as isoflavones, have been shown to affect the inflammatory process in animal studies.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] this cross-sectional study examined the relationship between dietary soy products and isoflavone intake and the prevalence of allergic rhinitis.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] the consumption of soy generally has been considered beneficial, with a potentially protective effect against a number of chronic diseases; because of their estrogenic activity, however, negative effects of isoflavones have been postulated.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] this review examines the literature associated with the safety of soy isoflavones, including dietary soy isoflavone exposure data of populations with high soy intakes, human studies in which soy protein or isoflavones were provided, and toxicologic studies investigating the potential genotoxicity, carcinogenicity, and reproductive and developmental toxicity of soy isoflavones.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] a cross-sectional study indicated that a high intake of soy isoflavone is associated with a decreased risk of allergic rhinitis.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] it has been hypothesized that isoflavones reduce the risk of many chronic diseases, but there are no data on the effects of dietary soy and isoflavone consumption on allergic disorders.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] the role of soy in reducing breast cancer risk has been suggested to be associated with early exposure to isoflavones, which alter mammary gland morphology.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] soybean may be a promising ingredient for regulating uvb-induced inflammatory damage to the skin.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] soy isoflavone is an attractive source of functional cosmetic materials with anti-wrinkle, whitening and skin hydration effects.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] a high intake of soy and isoflavones may be associated with a reduced prevalence of allergic rhinitis.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] although soy isoflavone has been suggested to have both immune-enhancing and immune-suppressive effects, the effects of soy isoflavone intake on allergic disorders are unclear.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] overall, the results of the present study indicate that consumption of 25 g soy protein containing 60 mg isoflavones daily for one year does not cause lymphocytopenia.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] moreover, we showed that soy isoflavones can promote on amp-activated protein kinase (ampk) activity both in vivo and in vitro, which may be implicated in lipid metabolism regulation of soy isoflavones.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] our aim was to evaluate whether higher intake of soy foods was inversely associated with inflammatory markers in 1,005 middle-aged chinese women.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] the health benefits of soy isoflavones have been widely investigated; however, there are some concerns as to whether soy isoflavones, similar to ipriflavone, a synthetic isoflavone, cause lymphocytopenia in postmenopausal women.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] this study suggests that soy food consumption is related to lower circulating levels of il-6, tnfα, and soluble tnf receptors 1 and 2 in chinese women.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] soy isoflavones, structurally similar to endogenous estrogens, may affect breast cancer through both hormonally mediated and non-hormonally related mechanisms.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] the association of dietary intake of isoflavone, the major phytoestrogen in soy, with all-cause mortality was examined in 6235 women with breast cancer enrolled in the breast cancer family registry.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] there is an ongoing debate whether the intake of soy-derived isoflavones (siso) mediates beneficial or adverse effects with regard to breast cancer risk.

Does the consumption of soy foods or soy isoflavones affect the appearance of acne skin? [SEP] soy foods possess both antiestrogenic and estrogen-like properties. |||

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] the results support the use of turnera diffusa as an aphrodisiac in traditional medicine and suggest possible therapeutic properties of turnera diffusa on sexual dysfunction.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] previously we experimentally showed the aphrodisiac effect of a chemically characterized aqueous extract of turnera diffusa in male rats.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] the anxiolytic-like effect of turnera diffusa is an advantage to its use for improving sexual performance.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] in folk medicine, turnera diffusa wild (turnera diffusa, turneraceae) is considered as an aphrodisiac, but its ability to restore copulation in sexually inhibited subjects has not been reported.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] damiana is a medicinal plant with many traditional uses and a reputation as an aphrodisiac.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] turnera diffusa and sildenafil (both at 10 mg/kg) facilitated expression of male sexual behavior by shortening mainly ejaculation latency.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] to determine whether turnera diffusa recovers sexual behavior in sexually exhausted (sexh) male rats and to identify the main components in an aqueous extract.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] as part of our systematic studies of pharmacological properties of turnera diffusa, we aimed to analyze whether the increased sexual motivation and the augmented sexual performance of sexually sluggish (sl) male rats treated with turnera diffusa involves the no pathway.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] this study further supports the traditional use of extracts from aspidosperma species in erectile dysfunction.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] yohimbine and turnera diffusa (80 mg/kg) significantly increased the percentage of males achieving one ejaculatory series and resuming a second one.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] findings from the present work support the notion that pro-sexual effect of the aqueous extract of turnera diffusa in rats involves the participation of no pathway, mainly at central level.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] turnera diffusa wild has been used in folk medicine by its aphrodisiac and tranquilizing properties.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] hence, this study aims at investigating the bp-lowering properties of the plant with a view to develop an antihypertensive agent that could also preserve erectile function.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] in addition, turnera diffusa significantly reduced the post-ejaculatory interval.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] besides, the extract of turnera diffusa (10 mg/kg) produced an anxiolytic-like effect in male rats without affecting ambulation.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] in recent years, there has been a renewed interest in the search for novel natural substances active against erectile dysfunction.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] the study was aimed to investigate the anti-aromatse activity and the estrogenic activity of the constituents isolated from turnera diffusa.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] plants that belong to the genus aspidosperma (apocyanaceae) are known to be very rich in indole alkaloids and have an ethnomedical history of use as traditional remedies for erectile dysfunction.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] the extract of turnera diffusa and two isolated compounds pinocembrin and acacetin could significantly suppress aromatase activity.

Does extract from the Damiana plant (Turnera diffusa) help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] the methanolic extract and 24 compounds isolated from the leaves of turnera diffusa were evaluated for aromatase activity by using a tritiated-water release assay and for estrogenic activity by using yeast estrogen screen (yes) assay. |||

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] anogeissus leiocarpus and hunteria umbellata have been reportedly used in traditional medicine for the management of erectile dysfunction (ed).

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] nelumbo nucifera semen (nns) is a traditional herb with anti-diarrheal, anti-ganacratia, and tranquilizer-like pharmacological activities.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] nepenthes species are used in traditional medicines to treat various health ailments.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] nepenthes plants are regarded as a kind of traditional chinese medicine for several diseases but its anticancer activity remain unclear.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] nepeta deflersiana (lamiaceae) is a perennial herb used in the saudi and yemeni folk medicine as an anti-inflammatory, carminative, and antirheumatic agent.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] nepenthes plants are a folk medicine in many southeast asia countries for curing diseases but its anticancer effect is rarely investigated.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] extracts from the roots of the stinging nettle (urtica dioica) are used in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] a large aquatic herb, nelumbo nucifera gaertn, has psychopharmacological effects similar to minor tranquillizers and antistress agents.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] neem plant (azadirachta indica) has been extensively used in ayurvedic system of medicine for female fertility regulation for a long time, but its mechanism of action remains poorly understood.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] we set out to determine whether specific extracts from u. dioica had the ability to modulate the binding of sex hormone-binding globulin to its receptor on human prostatic membranes.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] the objectives of this study were to investigate the antioral cancer ability of ethyl acetate extract of nepenthes ventricosa x maxima (eanv).

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] these findings confirm the antidiarrheal activity of the root bark extract of n. latifolia.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] nelumbo nucifera gaertn stem (hegeng [hg]) is a traditional chinese medicine that is used to treat mental symptoms in east asia.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] nasturtium officinale (watercress) is used popularly as an anti-inflammatory.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] the fruit of nandina domestica thunberg (nd, berberidaceae) has been used to improve cough and breathing difficulties in japan for many years, but very little is known about the constituent of nd responsible for this effect.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] neferine, a kind of isoquinoline alkaloid, extracted from the seed embryo of nelumbo nucifera gaertn, has long been recognized in traditional medicine as a medicinal plant with various usages.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] these results suggest that nns extract improves scopolamine-induced dementia by inhibiting ache activity and inducing chat expression.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] in addition, the administration of nre significantly restored the scopolamine-induced reduction of brain-derived neurotrophic factor in dg homogenates.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] the above findings indicate the antiurolithic activity of adiantum capillus veneris linn, and thus, validate the claims of unani physicians for its medicinal use in urolithiasis.

Is the homeopathic remedy Neradin effective for erectile dysfunction? [SEP] this finding suggests that the extract of rhizome and seed nelumbo nucifera stimulate defense system by modulating several immunological parameters. |||

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] human papillomavirus (hpv) testing is more sensitive for the detection of cervical precancer and cancer than cervical cytology.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] given the fact that infection with high-risk human papillomavirus (hpv) is causally involved in cervical cancer, addition of high-risk hpv testing to a cervical smear may improve the efficacy of cervical cancer screening programmes, the triage of women with equivocal or borderline pap smears, and the monitoring of women who have been treated for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3 (cin 3).

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] hpv screening is recommended for the further evaluation of abnormal pap tests or during follow-up after treating precancerous lesions.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] combining hpv and pap screening achieves very good risk stratification and sensitive detection of cin3 and cancer (cin3 +), but poorer specificity, and may result in an increased risk of glandular and new lesions during follow-up.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] several randomised controlled studies have shown that screening for cervical cancer using hpv detection can be more effective than cytology alone.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] primary hpv-testing has been shown to provide a superior detection of women at risk of cervical (pre)cancer compared to cytology-based screening.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] to gain further insight into the role of both pap testing and hrhpv testing, the authors examined prior screening results in a population of chinese patients with invasive cervical carcinoma.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] pap testing is considered to be the best screening tool for cervical cancer but there is currently great interest in the possible application of human papilloma virus (hpv) testing to supplement pap screening for cervical cancer.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] testing for human papillomavirus (hpv) has been shown to increase the sensitivity and negative predictive value for detection of high-grade cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (cin2+), either when used in conjunction with pap cytology testing or alone.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] testing for high-risk human papillomavirus (hpv) in primary screening for cervical cancer is considered more sensitive, but less specific, in comparison with pap-smear cytology.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] however, as most high-risk hpv infections are harmless, additional triage testing of hpv-positive women is necessary to identify those with cervical (pre)cancer.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] for that reason, hpv testing is now becoming an important addition to standard cytological screening of cervical malignancies in women (known as pap test).

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] human papillomavirus (hpv) is recommended as the primary test in cervical cancer screening, with co-testing by cytology for hpv-positive women to identify cervical lesions.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] we suggest that hpv testing could usefully augment but not replace conventional cytology.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] given the importance of high-risk hpv (hrhpv) infection in the development of cervical cancer, some studies are now suggesting the use of primary hrhpv testing as a possible screening modality.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] incorporation of hpv testing into the present pap screening program has the potential of making screening for cervical cancer more effective, and a necessary prelude to assessing this is by determining the prevalence of the high-risk types.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] human papillomavirus (hpv) testing is proposed in addition to papanicolaou (pap) testing for the detection of cervical neoplasia.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] hr-hpv dna testing, alone or in combination with pap smear testing, may have a role in primary screening.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] testing for human papilloma virus (hpv) has been shown to be more sensitive than cervical cytology in detecting both high-grade and low-grade dysplasia.

Does regular HPV testing in addition to the recommended Pap smear detect more precancerous lesions than just the Pap smear alone? [SEP] short-time repeat hpv testing increased the specificity for detection of cin2+ lesions from about 94.2% to 97.8%. |||

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] premenstrual syndrome (pms) is used to describe physical, cognitive, affective, and behavioral symptoms that occur cyclically during the luteal phase of the menstrual cycle and resolve quickly at or within a few days of the onset of menstruation.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] premenstrual syndrome (pms) is a health problem which begins approximately one week before menstruation in women occurs as a set of physical and psychological symptoms.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] premenstrual syndrome (pms) is characterized by physical, cognitive, and behavioral symptoms that occur cyclically, from several days to 2 weeks before menses, which resolve either quickly or during the early days of menstruation.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] based on the results of this study, maybe ginger is effective in the reduction of severity of mood and physical and behavioral symptoms of pms and we suggest ginger as treatment for pms.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] introduction the constellation of the physical and psychological symptoms that appear several days before menstrual period is regarded as the premenstrual syndrome (pms).

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] premenstrual syndrome (pms) encompasses a wide variety of cyclic and recurrent physical, emotional, and behavioral symptoms occurring during the late luteal phase of the menstrual cycle and abating shortly following the beginning of menses.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] premenstrual syndrome (pms), a common disorder in women, refers to physical and/or mood symptoms that appear predictably during the latter half of the menstrual cycle, last until menses begin, and are absent during the early part of the menstrual cycle.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] premenstrual syndrome (pms) is the title applied to a broad range of physical and psychological symptoms that occur cyclically, usually seven to 14 days prior to the onset of a woman's menstruation, and disappear during menstruation.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] the premenstrual syndrome (pms) is a complex of symptoms that usually occurs seven to ten days before menses in large numbers of women.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] premenstrual syndrome (pms) is characterized by distressing somatic and behavioral symptoms that develop after ovulation, reach a maximum during the premenstrual days, and disappear within 4 days after the onset of menstruation.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] premenstrual syndrome (pms) is a common disorder of some women during their reproductive years, characterized by a range of cyclical physical and/or mood symptoms experienced during the last few days of each menstrual cycle.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] premenstrual syndrome (pms) is characterized by a cluster of psychological and somatic symptoms that begin during the late luteal phase of the menstrual cycle and disappear after the onset of menses.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] the premenstrual syndrome (pms) is a combination of mental and physical symptoms arising in the luteal phase of the menstrual cycle.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] premenstrual syndrome (pms) is one of the most common gynecological conditions with no standard modern therapeutic schedule.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] premenstrual syndrome (pms) refers to a set of somatic and psychological symptoms that occur cyclically in the luteal phase of a menstrual cycle.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] in this paper we provide indications for the treatment of mm, making particular reference to those therapies that may be useful in the treatment of pms symptoms.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] this study was carried out to evaluate effects of ginger on severity of symptoms of pms.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] pms is probably a group of entities which include various symptoms that occur during the 7 to 10 days before menstruation and disappear a few hours after the onset of menstruation.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] premenstrual syndrome (pms) includes a wide variety of physical, psychological, and cognitive symptoms that occur recurrently and cyclically during the luteal phase of the menstrual cycle and disappear soon after the onset of menstruation.

Can monk's pepper reduce PMS symptoms? PMS is the abbreviation for premenstrual syndrome. This refers to complaints that occur in the days before menstruation. [SEP] background: premenstrual syndrome (pms) is a menstrual cycle-related disorder which causes physical and mood changes prior to menstruation and is associated with the functional dysregulation of the brain. |||

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] olive oil and its derivatives have been described to exert beneficial effects on hypertensive states and cardiovascular disease prevention.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] olive (olea europea) is used in traditional medicine as a remedy for hypertension.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] evidence from previous studies has shown that extracts from olive leaves rich in olive phenolics are able to positively affect cvd risk factors, such as high blood pressure and dyslipidemia.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] we studied the effects of chronic consumption of extra virgin olive oil (evoo), enriched in bioactive compounds from olive fruit and leaves, on blood pressure, endothelial function, oxidative and inflammatory status, and circulating cholesterol levels, in spontaneously hypertensive rats (shr).

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] these results suggest that the blood pressure lowering effect of olive is mediated through ccb, justifying its use in hypertension.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] olive leaf extract is associated with improved glucose homeostasis in humans.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] a number of studies report that olive leaf has potentially positive effects on the parameters related to diabetes and cardiovascular diseases by various mechanisms.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] in conclusion, sustained treatment with evoo, enriched in bioactive compounds from the olive fruit and leaves, may be an effective tool for reducing blood pressure and cholesterol levels alone or in combination with pharmacological anti-hypertensive treatment.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] in this review article, we summarize the current knowledge on the role of the olive leaf constituents in the prevention of cardiac dysfunction and highlight future perspectives in their use as cardioprotective agents in therapeutics.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] recently, the effect of olive leaf extract in obesity has been studied.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] olive leaf extract (ole), prepared from the fresh or dried leaves of olea europaea l., is generating interest as a cardiovascular and metabolic disease risk modifier.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] the aim of the present intervention was to investigate the influence of olive leaf extract (ole) on vascular function and inflammation in a postprandial setting and to link physiological outcomes with absorbed phenolics.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] olive leaf extract may represent an effective adjunct therapy that normalizes glucose homeostasis in individuals with diabetes.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] olive tree (olea europeaea) leaves are well known for their effect on metabolism in particular as a traditional anti-diabetic and anti-hypertensive herbal drug.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] the olive (olea europaea) leaf is considered an important traditional herbal medicine utilized against infectious diseases, and for the treatment of diabetes and hypertension.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate the effect of 8-week olive leaf extract (ole) administration on blood lipid profiles in overweight/obese subjects with mildly elevated cholesterol levels.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] in the randomized clinical trial, the subjects treated with olive leaf extract exhibited significantly lower hba1c and fasting plasma insulin levels; however, postprandial plasma insulin levels did not differ significantly by treatment group.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] moreover, olive leaf constituents have been related to cardioprotection, probably due to their association with cellular redox modulating effects.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] olive oil has been shown to exhibit beneficial effects in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases although its molecular mechanism still remains unclear.

Can olive leaf extract reduce high blood pressure? [SEP] olive (olea europaea) leaf, an important traditional herbal medicine, displays cardioprotection that may be related to the cellular redox modulating effects of its polyphenolic constituents. |||

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] there is little consistent and compelling evidence, to date, in the therapeutic use of freeze-dried green-lipped mussel powder products for rheumatoid or osteoarthritis treatment, particularly in comparison to other cheaper alternative nutriceutical supplements of proven efficacy.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] the therapeutic benefits of greenshell™ mussel (gsm; perna canaliculus) preparations have been studied using in vitro test systems, animal models, and human clinical trials focusing mainly on anti-inflammatory and anti-arthritic effects.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] studies have suggested a lipid extract from hard-shelled mussel (mytilus coruscus) (hmle) possessed strong anti-inflammatory activity in arthritis model of rats.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] extracts from perna canaliculus, the green lipped mussel (glm) are widely used as a complimentary therapy by patients with osteoarthritis (oa).

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] new zealand green lipped mussel (nzglm), abalone (ab), and shark cartilage (sc) are extensively used for treatment of and/or as preventatives for arthritis, despite a relative paucity of scientific evidence for efficacy.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] our study was designed to test the ability of the mussel extract to relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis as both a supplement and an alternative to orthodox anti-inflammatory medication.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] lyophilised products from green-lipped mussel (perna canaliculus[lppc]) are used to orally treat horses with osteoarthritis (oa).

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] however, further investigations are necessary to determine whether green-lipped mussel supplements, such as seatone, are therapeutic options in the management of arthritis.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] reports of clinical studies, using freeze-dried mussel powder, show mixed outcome measures and are not conclusive, with only two of five randomized controlled trials attesting benefits for rheumatoid and osteoarthritis patients.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] searches for all published controlled trials on the clinical effectiveness of green-lipped mussel, as a nutritional supplement with potential health benefits for arthritis, were carried out from four independent databases.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] without shell) green-lipped mussel (perna canaliculus) from new zealand given orally to rats showed some modest anti-inflammatory activity (carrageenan paw oedema).

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] here we investigated the effect of green lipped mussel oil complex (glmoc) on inflammation and underlying mechanism in lipopolysaccharide stimulated raw264.7 murine macrophage cells.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] freeze-dried extracts of the new zealand green lipped mussel, perna canaliculus, have been promoted extensively as a treatment for rheumatoid arthritis for some years though there have been few published trials of its effectiveness.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] green-lipped mussel oil (pcso-524®) has been shown to attenuate signs and symptoms of exercise-induced muscle damage (eimd), and krill oil has been shown to have a protective effect against cytokine-induced tissue degradation.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] lyprinol (pharmalink international), the stabilised lipid extract of the new zealand green-lipped mussel, is currently used to relieve symptoms of arthritis.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] this systematic review evaluates the efficacy of the nutritional supplement perna canaliculus (green-lipped mussel, glm) in the treatment of oa and substantially adds to previous work by focussing solely on glm use in oa as well providing a re-analysis of the original trial data.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] marine molluscs are widely used as traditional medicines for the treatment of inflammation.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] nutritional supplements, such as seatone, which contain freeze-dried tissue from the new zealand green-lipped mussel perna canaliculus, are sold in many countries to relieve arthritic symptoms and to aid in the regeneration of arthritic and injured joints.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] pcso-524™ (lyprinol®/omega-xl®), a supplement extracted from the new zealand green-lipped mussel (perna canaliculus), has been shown to moderate airway inflammation in asthmatic subjects.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] evaluate the effect of the marine lipid fraction of the new zealand green-lipped mussel (perna canaliculus) pcso-524 (lyprinol/omega xl), rich in omega-3 fatty acids, on airway inflammation and the bronchoconstrictor response to eucapnic voluntary hyperpnea (evh) in asthmatics. |||

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] probiotics modestly improved hba1c and fasting insulin in people with type 2 diabetes.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] pooling data from eligible clinical trials revealed that probiotic supplementation significantly (p < 0.05) decreased fasting blood glucose and hemoglobin a1c in diabetic patients, although the participants' characteristics (eg, body mass index) and the number and type of probiotic microorganisms affected the clinical response.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] probiotics have beneficial effects on management of type 2 diabetes (t2d).

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] background: although many studies have shown that consumption of probiotics is relevant to diabetes, the effects of probiotics improves clinical outcomes in type 2 diabetes have yielded conflicting results.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] experimental and clinical evidences support the hypothesis that the modulation of the gut microbiota by probiotics could be effective in prevention and management of diabetes.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] in this study, we aim to explore the efficacy and safety of probiotics intervention in preventing type 2 diabetes in chinese patients with impaired glucose tolerance.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] the aim of this systematic review was to assess the effects of probiotic consumption on glycemic control in diabetic patients.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] type 2 diabetes has been associated with dysbiosis and one of the possible routes to restore a healthy gut microbiota is by the regular ingestion of probiotics.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] administration of probiotics appears to have a beneficial role in the management of type 2 diabetes; however, more clinical studies with adequate sample sizes and sound methodology are required to inform the development of evidence-based treatment guidelines.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] probiotics as a group of functional foods might exert antidiabetic effects.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] probiotics have been proposed as an option for the prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2dm).

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] to assess the effects of probiotics and synbiotic on glycemic indices in prediabetic individuals who are at risk of type 2 diabetes and its complications.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] following the recent observation that the gut microbiota is altered in diabetic patients, researchers investigated the effect of probiotics in patients with diabetes.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] this study investigated the effect of multi-strain microbial cell preparation-also refers to multi-strain probiotics-on glycemic control and other diabetes-related outcomes in people with type 2 diabetes.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] the aim of this meta-analysis was conducted to assess the effects of probiotics supplementation on glycemic, blood lipids, pressure and inflammatory control in type 2 diabetes.methods: pubmed, web of science, embase and the cochrane library databases were searched for relevant studies from february 2015 up to janurary 2020, with no language restrictions.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] this review will highlight the current evidences in probiotic effectiveness and future prospects for exploring probiotic therapy in the prevention and control of diabetes.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] probiotics, known as live microorganisms that exert health benefits to the host, have anti-diabetic property.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] clinical trials in diabetic patients in whom probiotics were administered as an intervention were included.

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] fasting blood sugar, insulin concentration, and insulin resistance significantly decreased in probiotic group compared with placebo group (-28.32 [-50.23 to -6.41], 0.013; -3.12 [-5.90 to -0.35], 0.028; -32.31 [-55.09 to -9.54], 0.007, respectively).

Can probiotics lower blood sugar in type 2 diabetes? [SEP] daily consumption of probiotics, particularly lactobacilli, has been proposed as a new strategy for prevention or control of diabetes. |||

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to determine whether surgical correction of tr results in improved rv geometry and function.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] on the grounds of these studies, the clinical use of pulsed td merits consideration.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] the theory was that partial fundoplication was an adequate antireflux measure, and by posing less resistance for the weak esophageal peristalsis to overcome, it would give rise to less dysphagia.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] the purpose of this prospective study was to determine whether surgical repair of the tricuspid valve based on tricuspid dilatation rather than tr could lead to potential benefits.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] these data show that laparoscopic partial fundoplication was less effective than total fundoplication in curing gastroesophageal reflux disease, and compared with a partial (240 degrees) fundoplication, a total (360 degrees) fundoplication was not followed by more dysphagia, even when esophageal peristalsis was weak.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] a subgroup of residents in training perceived surgical conditions to be better with the tritube compared with the mlt (p = 0.006).

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] about a decade ago, partial (240 degrees) fundoplication became popular for treating gastroesophageal reflux disease in cases where the patient's primary esophageal peristalsis was weak.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] tricuspid annuloplasty is the most preferred technique for the treatment of functional tricuspid regurgitation (ftr).

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] interventional treatments of tricuspid regurgitation have been emerging as minimally invasive alternatives.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] however, high incidences of recurrent regurgitation and risky reoperation demands a deeper insight into the technique.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] this study reports the longterm followup of patients in whom a tailored approach (type of wrap chosen to match esophageal peristalsis) was used, and the results of a nonselective approach, using a total fundoplication regardless of the amplitude of esophageal peristalsis.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] we sought to determine if there is a relationship between the tv or ta approach and right ventricular (rv) function, and the role of residual pulmonary regurgitation (pr) on the long-term outcomes.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] we hypothesized that capped tracheostomy tubes with cuffs deflated would create substantial additional resistance to airflow without fenestration but would provide minimal resistance to airflow when the tube had a fenestration.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] therefore a significant decrease of tapse/spap was detected in >60years old cohort (p=0.0001).

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] during laryngeal surgery a tritube improves visibility of the surgical site but not surgical conditions when compared with a mlt 6.0.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] randomised, controlled trial.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] this retrospective, observational study examines two techniques: blue rhino and percutwist.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] the suture was pulled to cinch the tricuspid annulus.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] our findings confirm the benefits from mild residual rvoto support a policy of conservative rvoto relief at repair.

Can the so-called Tupler technique help against rectus diastasis? [SEP] it is occasionally desirable for patients with a tracheostomy tube to breathe through their native airway. |||

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd), the major non-psychoactive constituent of cannabis sativa l., has gained traction as a potential treatment for intractable chronic pain in many conditions.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd) exhibits significant efficacy in mental and inflammatory diseases.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] however, use of cbd does not always resolve pain.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd) is a nonpsychoactive phytocannabinoid used in multiple sclerosis and intractable epilepsies.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] clinical evidence suggests that cbd provides therapeutic benefit in certain forms of epilepsy and imparts analgesia in certain conditions, and improves quality of life.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd), the major non-psychotomimetic compound present in the cannabis sativa plant, exhibits therapeutic potential for various human diseases, including chronic neurodegenerative diseases, such as alzheimer's and parkinson's, ischemic stroke, epilepsy and other convulsive syndromes, neuropsychiatric disorders, neuropathic allodynia and certain types of cancer.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd) is an anti-inflammatory cannabinoid shown to be beneficial in a mouse model of ibd.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd), a major phytocannabinoid constituent of cannabis, is attracting growing attention in medicine for its anxiolytic, antipsychotic, antiemetic and anti-inflammatory properties.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] a growing number of studies suggest therapeutic applications of cannabidiol (cbd), a recently u.s. food and drug administration (fda)-approved medication for epilepsy, in treatment of many other neuropsychological disorders.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] with treatment benefits in both the central nervous system and the peripheral system, the medical use of cannabidiol (cbd) has gained increasing popularity.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd) is a component of cannabis sativa that has a broad spectrum of potential therapeutic effects in neuropsychiatric and other disorders.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd), the main non-psychotomimetic component of the plant cannabis sativa, exerts therapeutically promising effects on human mental health such as inhibition of psychosis, anxiety and depression.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] beneficial effects of cannabidiol (cbd) have been described for a wide range of psychiatric disorders, including anxiety, psychosis, and depression.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd) is a natural compound with psychoactive therapeutic properties well described.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] objective: this article presents proven, promising, and potential therapeutic uses for cannabidiol (cbd) in the treatment of psychiatric and neurologic conditions and diseases.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd) has gained much attention in the past several years for its therapeutic potential in the treatment of drug-resistant epilepsy, such as dravet syndrome.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd), a non-psychotomimetic component of cannabis sativa plant, shows therapeutic potential in psychiatric disorders, including depression.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] the in vivo administration of cbd or bd1063 enhanced morphine-evoked supraspinal antinociception, alleviated nmda-induced convulsive syndrome, and reduced the infarct size caused by permanent unilateral middle cerebral artery occlusion.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] some patients anecdotally report symptoms' relief through consumption of cannabis.

Can CBD (cannabidiol) help with migraines or other headaches? [SEP] in this mini-review, we present balanced and unbiased pre-clinical and clinical findings for the beneficial effects of cbd treatment on chronic pain and its deleterious effects on prenatal development. |||

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] low-power, near-infra-red laser irradiation has been used to relieve patients from various kinds of pain, though the precise mechanisms of such biological actions of the laser have not yet been resolved.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] the positive effects of laser irradiation on improving the rheological properties of blood were demonstrated in vitro.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] the results lead us to conclude that the laser treatment of hemorrhoids is effective in pain alleviation from the first session and that patients so treated have a much more comfortable postoperative course.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] various clinical studies indicate that laser therapy is a valuable method for pain treatment and the acceleration of wound healing.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] the intravascular irradiation of low power laser has been applied in pre-clinical and clinical to treat various pathological processes.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] significantly higher quality of life was seen in the hemorrhoid laser procedure group (p = .002).

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] laser is an effective, simple and harmless clinical procedure used for the treatment of hemorrhoids, as an alternative to medical therapy or surgery.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to investigate the in vitro effects of he-ne laser irradiation on some rheological factors of human blood, such as blood viscosity, erythrocyte deformability, and sedimentation rate.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] the blood viscosity, erythrocyte deformability, and sedimentation rate were measured after laser irradiation and compared with un-irradiated control.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] endovascular laser therapy for varicose veins as described in an experimental study is a method that could be used in the treatment of hemorrhoids, but there are few clinical trials described in the literature.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] therefore, the use of this kind of laser treatment might improve the outcome of other therapeutic modalities such as tumour ionizing radiation therapy and local chemotherapy.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] the study of the effects of low-level laser (lll) radiation on blood is important for elucidating the mechanisms behind the interaction of lll radiation and biologic tissues.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] this study proposes an optical technique to improve the efficacy of photothermal hemostasis of bleeders during laser prostatectomy by temporally modulating a 532 nm laser beam.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] as during laser treatment it is possible to irradiate only a small area of the surface body or wound and, correspondingly, of a very small volume of the circulating blood, it is necessary to explain how its photomodification can lead to a wide spectrum of therapeutic effects.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] to assess the degree of hemolysis and debris formation, 54 samples of citrated whole blood were exposed to nd:yag laser radiation of varying powers (10, 20 and 30 watts) and duration (1, 2.5 and 5 seconds).

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] laser irradiation reduced the erythrocyte sedimentation rate of blood samples, which had a hyper-sedimentation rate originally.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] laser therapy by low light doses shows promising results in the modulation of some cell functions.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] the blood viscosity of samples in hyper-values was lowered by laser irradiation in all shear rates measured (10-110 s(-1)), with a relative variation of approximately 10%.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] the diode laser energy delivered into small to median hemorrhoidal piles caused little pain and led to a partial to complete resolution within a short time compared to open hemorrhoidectomy.

Can laser irradiation of blood by infusion needle (hemolaser treatment) relieve discomfort or help with diseases? [SEP] in the treatment of first and second degree hemorrhoids, the he/ne laser is an effective, simple and harmless clinical procedure, as an alternative to medical therapy or surgery. |||

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] using the mouthpiece, the fe'o2 after 2 min was significantly higher than using the face mask (p<0.01) or the modified nasoral system (p<0.01).

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] the maximal fe'o2 with face mask and mouthpiece was significantly greater than with the modified nasoral system (p<0.05 and p<0.01).

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] using the hi-ox80 face mask in a rescue helicopter with standard oxygen flows, it demonstrated 3.24 times longer oxygen availability because of a reduced required oxygen flow and therefore a potential calculated weight reduction.

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] using a flow of 2 l/min or more, a significant difference for the fio(2) and pao(2) in both masks was found (p <or= .05).

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] the time to maximal fe'o2 was significantly shorter using the modified nasoral system than with the face mask or mouthpiece (p<0.001 and p=0.0001).

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] effective oxygenation during acute respiratory insufficiency depends on the inspiratory oxygen fraction (fio(2)) and the oxygen face mask used.

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] feo2 was higher for the nonrebreather mask compared with the bag-valve mask with a simulated mask leak (difference 51%; 95% ci 46% to 55%).

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] efficiency of the new mask is greater; hence, similar flow adjustment produces a significantly higher fio(2).

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] we seek to compare the nonrebreather mask with flush rate oxygen to a bag-valve mask with flush rate oxygen (with and without inspiratory assistance) and determine whether the efficacy of bag-valve mask with flush rate oxygen is compromised by a simulated mask leak.

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] at a low oxygen flow up to 1 l/min, the hi-ox80 mask was not superior to the basic mask (fio(2) at 1 l/min 24% +/- 3% vs. 27% +/- 5% and partial pressure of arterial oxygen [pao(2)] 164 +/- 68 vs. 193 +/- 53 mmhg; ns).

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] feo2 for the nonrebreather mask was noninferior to the bag-valve mask with assistance at flush rate (difference 6%; 95% ci 3% to 10%).

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] we aim to measure the efficacy of supplemental nasal cannula oxygen delivery to conventional bag-valve-mask and nonrebreather face mask preoxygenation both with and without a simulated face mask leak.

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] in nonrebreather face mask scenarios with a mask leak, eto2 was higher for nonrebreather face mask+nasal cannula than nonrebreather face mask (mean 65% versus 48%; difference 17%; 95% ci 13% to 20%).

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] we conclude that fico2 is similar at all flow rates while breathing through hudson mask.

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] clinical observations report greater patient acceptance and comfort versus oxygen masks.

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] in bag-valve-mask scenarios with a mask leak, eto2 was higher for bag-valve-mask+nasal cannula than bag-valve-mask alone (mean 66% versus 41%; difference 25%; 95% ci 21% to 29%).

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] maximization of comfort, by delivering o2 directly via a nasal cannula through the mask, will provide better oxygenation and ultimately treat the patient with lower cpap/bipap pressure.

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] compared with the venturi mask, nhf results in better oxygenation for the same set fio2 after extubation.

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] feo2 for the nonrebreather mask was noninferior to the bag-valve mask at flush rate (difference 5%; 95% ci -1% to 10%).

In everyday life, when breathing with an FFP2 mask or ordinary mouth-nose protection, do you get as much oxygen as without a mask? [SEP] eto2 was higher for nonrebreather face mask+nasal cannula than nonrebreather face mask (mean 67% versus 52%; difference 15%; 95% ci 12% to 18%). |||

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] cb interventions have been shown to reduce pain and improve psychosocial functioning in patients who have chronic illnesses, particularly chronically painful rheumatologic syndromes.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] cbt improved empathy in patients with chronic pain independent of its effect on pain, suggesting that cbt is useful for improving interpersonal relationships in patients with chronic pain.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] cognitive-behavioral therapy (cbt) has been shown to be an effective treatment for chronic pain.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] cognitive-behavioral therapy (cbt) is effective in patients with chronic pain.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] numerous studies have confirmed the effectiveness of cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt) for chronic pain, and it is generally regarded as an appropriate intervention.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] cognitive behavioural therapy (cbt) has been shown to be effective in assisting people to cope with chronic pain.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] cognitive behavioural therapy (cbt) has been useful in the treatment of chronic pain conditions for many years.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] interdisciplinary cognitive behavioural therapy (cbt) for chronic pain is effective at improving function, mood and pain interference among individuals with disabling chronic pain.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] this pilot study compared the effect of a 13-weeks cognitive behavioural therapy program with integrated mindfulness meditation (cbtm) in patients with chronic non-malignant pain with a control condition.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] cbt has been proved effective not only for treatment of psychological illness but also for teaching adaptive coping strategies in the context of chronic illnesses, including chronic pain.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] although cognitive-behavioral therapies (cbt) have been demonstrated to be effective for a variety of chronic pain problems, patients vary in their response and little is known about patient characteristics that predict or moderate treatment effects.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] results revealed that cbt reduced pain intensity in 43% of trials, the efficacy of online and in-person formats were comparable, and military veterans and individuals with cancer-related chronic pain were understudied.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt) is believed to improve chronic pain problems by decreasing patient catastrophizing and increasing patient self-efficacy for managing pain.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] it was hypothesised that the cbtm program would reduce pain intensity and psychological distress compared to the control condition and that level of mindfulness and acceptance both would be associated with the reduction in pain intensity and psychological distress.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] we investigated the effect of cbt on empathy in patients with chronic pain.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] we describe components of a tailored cbt treatment for chronic pain in the context of ongoing research and illustrate the process of tailoring cbt with a case study.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] evidence has suggested that cognitive-behavioral therapy (cbt) is effective in reducing hypochondriacal symptoms, and another line of evidence has suggested that cbt is also effective in reducing pain and the psychological conditions associated with chronic low-back pain (clbp).

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] this pilot study sought to examine the feasibility and clinical utility of cbt for people with an id, using elements of a manualised cbt pain management programme called feeling better.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt) is a psychological intervention that involves development of coping strategies to reduce the experience of pain.

Can CBD help with period pain? [SEP] the results provide further support for cognitive-behavioral models of chronic pain and point to the potential benefits of interventions to modify specific pain-related beliefs in cbt and in other health care encounters. |||

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] deficiencies in vitamins and minerals (micronutrients) are a critical global health concern, in part due to logistical difficulties in assessing population micronutrient status.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] the need to monitor certain key biochemical parameters in hospitalized patients is driving the development of biosensors, a new class of medical device for real-time, on-line quantitative analysis.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] this work has been focused on the development of novel optical (surface plasmon resonance) and electrochemical based biosensors for the determination of 25-oh vitamin d (25ohd) which is an important factor involved in avoiding both skeletal damage and a variety of pathological conditions, and to evaluate their potential use in clinical practice.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] the latter proposed system fits the requirement of determining vitamin d in a concentration range which is of significance for clinical applications; moreover, since a screen printed electrode has been used, this opens the possibility to miniaturize the sensor and developing a portable and easy-to-automate point-of-care testing device.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] in health and disease, biomarkers have been used not only for clinical diagnosis purposes but also as tools to assess effectiveness of a nutrition or drug intervention.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] biosensors can be configured into simple, rapid, and cost-effective laboratory devices that will allow the clinical pathologist to become even more responsive to the primary care physician.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] when considering nutrition studies, evaluating the appropriate biomarker is a useful tool to assess compliance and incidence of a particular dietary component in the biochemistry of the organism.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] in nutrition studies, selecting appropriate biomarkers is important to assess compliance, or incidence of a particular dietary component in the biochemistry of the organism, and in the diagnosis and prognosis of nutrition-related diseases.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] this biochemical index (quios) is clinically useful as a potential adjunct in identifying the presence of biochemical deficiencies known to cause osteopenia and the devastating effects of osteoporosis.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] this work provides proof of principle for the development of low-cost, minimal-equipment, field-deployable biosensors for nutritional epidemiology applications.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] in recent years, new biochemical and histological methodologies have been developed for assessing vitamin a nutritional status in humans at subclinical levels of nutriture.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] biomarkers have been used in health and disease for diagnostic purposes, as tools to assess effectiveness of nutritional or drug intervention, or as risk markers to predict the development of certain diseases.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] in those instances where measurements on discrete samples do not provide the required information, continuous monitoring with implantable biosensors could provide real-time data on levels of critical endogenous or exogenous substances.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] a biosensor is a microelectronic device that utilizes a biological molecule (eg, antibody, enzyme, or receptor) as the sensing or signal-transducing element.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] alternatively, a biomarker may give clues regarding the underlying pathology of the condition and be a useful research or specialist tool.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] a useful intervention needs to exist for a biomarker to be an effective tool.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] by hybridizing recent advances in transdermal substance collection with the analytical capabilities of biosensors, devices for continuous noninvasive monitoring at the bedside can be envisioned.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] different approaches to the determination of vitamin d using affinity based biosensors, are described herein; firstly, an immunosensor based on spr transduction was realized for direct determination of vitamin d, obtaining a lod of 2 μg/ml which unfortunately is too far from the needs in clinical analysis.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] quantitative measurements of various carnitines in dried blood spot (dbs) have potential use in remote health applications for disease diagnosis and epidemiological surveillance.

Can a bioresonance device like "Bioscan" or "Vieva Vital Analyser" measure mineral and vitamin deficiencies or detect health problems? [SEP] even more importantly, detection of the biomarker should provide clinical benefits to the patient (i.e., improved survival and/or quality of life). |||

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] this arthroscopic treatment regimen can improve function and activity levels in patients with moderate to severe osteoarthritis.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] these data suggest that the benefits of arthroscopy for the treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee is to provide subjective pain relief, and that the means by which arthroscopy provides this benefit is via a placebo effect.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] to evaluate the role of arthroscopy in functional and subjective outcomes of patient with moderate to severe osteoarthritis of knee.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] we found limited evidence-based research to support the use of arthroscopy as a treatment method for osteoarthritis of the knee.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] comprehensive arthroscopic treatment regime has definite role in treating patients with knee osteoarthritis.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] many patients report symptomatic relief after undergoing arthroscopy of the knee for osteoarthritis, but it is unclear how the procedure achieves this result.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] despite the lack of consensus guidelines and randomized control trials, the use of arthroscopy for the treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee has increased over the last decade.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] the place of knee arthroscopy as a therapeutic option for osteoarthritis (oa) has been the subject of some debate.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] needle arthroscopy is a potentially valuable rheumatologic tool for the assessment of oa of the knee.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] recent literature tells us that knee arthroscopy in the setting of osteoarthritis is no better than placebo, but arthroscopy for isolated, nondegenerative meniscus tears is both helpful to patients and cost-effective.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] we conducted a randomized, placebo-controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy of arthroscopy for osteoarthritis of the knee.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] recent advances in instrumentation and a growing understanding of the pathophysiology of osteoarthritis have led to increased use of arthroscopy for the management of degenerative arthritis of the knee.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] consider the complications and consequences when recommending arthroscopy to treat the painful osteoarthritic knee without mechanical symptoms, as there is no proven clinical benefit.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] arthroscopy may be indicated in patients with painful dysfunction of the knee joint following total joint replacement.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] arthroscopic surgery is a common treatment for knee osteoarthritis (oa), particularly for symptomatic meniscal tear.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] arthroscopy of the osteoarthritic knee is a common and costly practice with limited and specific indications.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] arthroscopy for degenerative conditions of the knee is among the most commonly employed orthopedic procedures, but its effectiveness (like the effectiveness of many surgical operations) has never been proven in prospective trials.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] arthroscopic management of degenerative arthritis is an attractive alternative to osteotomy or total knee arthroplasty if predictable improvement and durable results can be achieved.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] arthroscopy of the knee joint is regarded as the most objective diagnostic method in intra-articular knee joint lesions.

Does arthroscopy (joint endoscopy) help with osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] the american academy of orthopedic surgeons guideline on the treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee (2008) recommended against performing arthroscopy with a primary diagnosis of oa of the knee, with the caveat that partial meniscectomy or loose body removal is an option in patients with oa that have primary mechanical signs and symptoms of a torn meniscus and/or loose body. |||

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] previous studies have reported that silicon (si) has a positive effect on bone health, immune response, and cognitive health.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] silicon in nutritional amounts provides benefits for bone health and cognitive function.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] previous studies have reported that dietary silicon (si) intake is positively associated with bone health including bone mineral density.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] organic silicon has been linked to positive effects on the skin rejuvenation, mainly by the oral route.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] sporadic reports have appeared that suggest silicon plays a functional role in immune function by affecting lymphocyte proliferation.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] it has been proposed that relatively insoluble forms of silica can also release small but meaningful quantities of silicon into biological compartments.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] the nutritional significance of silicon for the human body is highlighted by a continually growing body of evidence.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] biological incorporation of silicon (si) into sp increases its bioavailability for potential food supplement applications.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] bioavailable silicon (si) may be an essential nutrient for higher animals, including humans.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] these results may help establish dietary silicon recommendations and formulate practical advice on dietary choices to ensure an appropriate supply of silicon.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] collectively, the food supply contributes enough silicon in the forms aforementioned that could be absorbed and significantly improve overall human health despite the negative perception of silica as a health hazard.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] dietary silicon has been positively linked with vascular health and protection against atherosclerotic plaque formation, but the mechanism of action is unclear.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] silicon is an essential element for healthy bone development and supplementation with its bioavailable form (silicic acid) leads to enhancement of osteogenesis both in vivo and in vitro.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] the association between dietary silicon intake and bone health should now be investigated.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] for example, silicon has been suggested to exhibit roles in the structural integrity of nails, hair, and skin, overall collagen synthesis, bone mineralization, and bone health and reduced metal accumulation in alzheimer's disease, immune system health, and reduction of the risk for atherosclerosis.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] the results of a number of studies suggest that dietary silicon supplementation might have a protective effect both for limiting aluminium absorption across the gut and for the removal of systemic aluminium via the urine, hence, preventing potential accumulation of aluminium in the brain.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] the results of a number of studies suggest that dietary silicon supplementation could be of therapeutic value for preventing chronic aluminum accumulation in the brain, and hence, be a potential therapy for ad.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] this review discusses the possible biological potential of the metalloid silicon as bioavailable orthosilicic acid and the potential beneficial effects on human health.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] these findings suggest that dietary silicon has no effect on atherosclerosis development and vascular health in the apoe mouse model of diet-induced atherosclerosis, contrary to the reported findings in the cholesterol-fed rabbit model.

Do dietary supplements containing silicon (e.g. as "organic silicon" or silica) have health benefits? [SEP] in conditions of excessive reactive oxygen species and upregulated immune response, silicon has been observed to provide benefits, but its role in redox and inflammatory status has not yet been examined in rheumatoid arthritis (ra). |||

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] (2) two randomised controlled trials involving a total of about 300 young women showed that daily use of cranberry juice or tablets reduced the relapse rate for acute cystitis: on average, treating 100 women for one year prevented at least 1 urinary tract infection in 15 to 33 women.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] there is some evidence from two good quality rcts that cranberry juice may decrease the number of symptomatic utis over a 12 month period in women.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] there is some evidence from two good quality rcts that cranberry juice may decrease the number of symptomatic utis over a 12 month period in women.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] overall, the studies were relatively small, with only 2 having >300 participants.conclusion: these results suggest that cranberry may be effective in preventing uti recurrence in generally healthy women; however, larger high-quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] food supplements based on cranberries are said to prevent recurrent urinary tract infections.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] the results show that cranberry fruit powder (peel, seeds, pulp) may reduce the risk of symptomatic uti in women with a history of recurrent utis.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] drinking of cranberry fruit juice and application of commercial preparations containing the cranberry extracts are recommended in the prevention and treatment of urinary tract infections (utis), especially in women with recurrent utis.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] the present findings suggest that reconstituted cranberry drink may retain the ability to reduce the risk of uti by inhibiting pathogen adhesion while not detrimentally affecting urinary ph or vaginal microbiota, or the risk of calculi.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] : among otherwise healthy college women with an acute uti, those drinking 8 oz of 27% cranberry juice twice daily did not experience a decrease in the 6-month incidence of a second uti, compared with those drinking a placebo.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] in two good quality rcts, cranberry products significantly reduced the incidence of utis at twelve months (rr 0.61 95% ci:0.40 to 0.91) compared with placebo/control in women.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] in two good quality rcts, cranberry products significantly reduced the incidence of utis at twelve months (rr 0.61 95% ci:0.40 to 0.91) compared with placebo/control in women.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] to assess the effectiveness of cranberry juice and other cranberry products in preventing urinary tract infections in susceptible populations.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] we conducted a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of the effects of cranberry on risk of recurring uti among 319 college women presenting with an acute uti.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] cranberry products, especially cranberry juice, have been posited to prevent or treat urinary tract infections (utis) in females.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] a first head-to-head trial in older females has been published comparing effectiveness of a low-dose antibiotic versus cranberry in which investigators suggest that cranberry products may have a role in older females with recurrent uti.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] to assess the effectiveness of cranberry juice and other cranberry products in preventing utis in susceptible populations.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] to assess the effectiveness of cranberry juice and other cranberry products in preventing utis in susceptible populations.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] to assess the effectiveness of cranberry juice and other cranberry products in preventing utis in susceptible populations.

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] a number of observational studies and a few small or open randomized clinical trials suggest that the american cranberry may decrease incidence of recurring urinary tract infection (uti).

Can regular intake of cranberry juice or cranberry extract prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] the north american cranberry is recommended for prophylaxis in women with recurrent utis as a nutritional alternative. |||

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] a first head-to-head trial in older females has been published comparing effectiveness of a low-dose antibiotic versus cranberry in which investigators suggest that cranberry products may have a role in older females with recurrent uti.

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] (2) two randomised controlled trials involving a total of about 300 young women showed that daily use of cranberry juice or tablets reduced the relapse rate for acute cystitis: on average, treating 100 women for one year prevented at least 1 urinary tract infection in 15 to 33 women.

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] food supplements based on cranberries are said to prevent recurrent urinary tract infections.

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] basic studies have proven that cranberries may prevent urinary tract infections through changing the adhesiveness of escherichia coli (e. coli) to urothelial cells.

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] : among otherwise healthy college women with an acute uti, those drinking 8 oz of 27% cranberry juice twice daily did not experience a decrease in the 6-month incidence of a second uti, compared with those drinking a placebo.

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] still with regard to antibiotic treatment in women, a recently published study investigated also the potential cranberry juice interaction with beta-lactam antibiotics supporting the hypothesis that cranberry juice in usual quantities as prophylaxis for uti is not likely to alter the pharmacokinetics of these oral antibiotics.

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] we conducted a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of the effects of cranberry on risk of recurring uti among 319 college women presenting with an acute uti.

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] cranberry juice did not significantly reduce uti risk compared with placebo.

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] although antibiotics are the treatment of choice for uti, cranberry derived products have been used for many years to prevent utis, with limited evidence as to their efficacy.

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] cranberry products have been heralded as natural treatments for urinary tract infections (utis) and have been widely used for this purpose.

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] to assess the effectiveness of cranberries for the treatment of urinary tract infections.

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] this review of the literature evaluated research in which cranberry-based products are used to prevent or treat utis.

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] studies bearing on the therapeutic value of cranberries in the prevention and/or treatment of urinary tract infections are reviewed.

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] cranberry products, especially cranberry juice, have been posited to prevent or treat urinary tract infections (utis) in females.

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] a number of observational studies and a few small or open randomized clinical trials suggest that the american cranberry may decrease incidence of recurring urinary tract infection (uti).

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] 3) what research evidence exists to support that cranberry juice is an effective intervention for urinary tract infections?

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] 2) does cranberry juice inhibit the adherence of bacteria to bladder cells?

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] consumption of various cranberry products benefited young and elderly females in preventing urinary tract infections, and in conjunction with antibiotic treatment in eradicating helicobacter pylori infections in women.

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] the increasing prevalence of uropathogens resistant to antimicrobial agents has stimulated interest in cranberries to prevent recurrent urinary tract infections (utis).

Will women who have recurrent bladder infections get rid of them faster if they take cranberry products only after the disease is already there??? [SEP] urine from rats taking an equivalent daily dose of cranberry juice has been shown to decrease the capability of e. coli in hemagglutination, urothelium adhesion, nematode killing, and biofilm formation. |||

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] st. john's wort is widely used as an herbal remedy for depression.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] in summary, pharmacological activity and therapeutic efficacy of st. john's wort extract as an antidepressant are supported by a large number of scientific publications.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] the herbal antidepressant st john's wort offers promising results in the treatment of patients with mild and moderate depression (response rate of 60-70% estimated by analysis of pooled data).

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] preparations from st. john's wort extracts are used in the treatment of depression in many countries and represent an accepted alternative to synthetic antidepressants or behavioural therapy.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] published meta-analyses show that st john's wort extracts are more effective than placebo in patients with mild and moderate depression.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] the compounds in st. john's wort herbal preparations are more effective than placebo and, in several studies, more effective than common antidepressant medications in treating minor depression.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] this article discusses evidence from in vitro and in vivo studies supporting a possible use of st. john's wort as an anti-inflammatory remedy, in addition to its well-known antidepressant effects.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] this literature review summarizes recently published research on the treatment of depression using st. john's wort (hypericum perforatum).

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] st. john's wort has been found more effective than placebo and equally as effective as tricyclic antidepressants in the short-term management of mild-to-moderate depression.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] over the past year a number of good clinical studies have been carried out which confirm the efficacy and tolerability of st. john's wort extracts in mild depressive disorders, even if the therapeutic efficacy has recently been questioned by an american study.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] overall, these findings indicate that the mode of action of st. john's wort is different from that of conventional antidepressant drugs, which elevate brain serotonin and evoke negative feedback control of serotonergic neurons.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] a number of clinical studies conducted over the past few years have indicated that whole extract of st john's wort (hypericum perforatum l.) has antidepressant effects.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] recent interest in and evidence for the efficacy of st. john's wort (hypericum perforatum) for the treatment of mild-to-moderate depression has led to speculation about its efficacy in other disorders.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] (2) trials show that st john's wort is about as effective as tricyclic and serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressants.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] extracts from st. john's wort (sjw: hypericum perforatum) have been used for the treatment of mild-to-moderate depression.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] st. john's wort (hypericum perforatum l.) is widely used for the treatment of mild to moderately severe depression.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] in good agreement with the effects in various biochemical models of antidepressant action, many effects in a number of behavioural pharmacology models of antidepressant efficacy could also be demonstrated for st. john's wort extract.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] st john's wort (hypericum perforatum) is an herbal remedy that is widely used in the treatment of depression.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] however, the efficacy of st. john's wort for treating major depression, cyclothymia, or bipolar disorder is less evident.

Can extract from St. John's wort relieve the symptoms of depression? Is it similarly effective as drugs against depression (antidepressants)? [SEP] it has been suggested repeatedly in preclinical and clinical studies that the content of the acylphloroglucinol hyperforin decisively contributes to the antidepressant efficacy of st. john's wort extracts. |||

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] the results showed that the wrist-worn analgesic bracelet is significantly effective in alleviating pain in various parts of the human body.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] zinc is essential for the functions of the immune system, and sodium diethyldithiocarbamate (imuthiol) restores and regulates the numbers and activities of cells of the t-cell lineage.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] zinc is an essential mineral of which its functions have potential implications on exercise performance and beneficial adaptations of physical activity.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] zinc is essential for immunologic function; therefore, it has been postulated that elevated serum levels of zinc might lead to improved immune responses.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] zinc status is implicated in physiological functions related to exercise performance and physical activity.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] physiological supplementation of zinc in ageing corrects central and peripheral immune defects, resulting prolonged survival and decreased mortality (50%) from infections and tumours, especially during middle age.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] in conclusion, physiological doses of zinc supplementation can be useful for performance.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] these efforts were aimed at either supporting immunity by zinc administration or correcting the zinc dependent immune functions in zinc deficient individuals.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] zinc (3 mg/kg day) for 4 weeks and subjected to 30-minute swimming exercise.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] zinc is essential for multiple cellular functions including immunity.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] zinc functions as an intracellular signal molecule for immune cells.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] these efforts either aimed at supporting immunity by zinc administration or at correcting a loss of zinc secondary to the disease to restore the zinc-dependent functions of the immune system.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] zinc is an essential trace element that has been implicated in numerous biological functions, including immunity, energy metabolism and antioxidative processes.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] zinc is known to be greatly involved in the regulation of immune functions.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] pharmacological zinc supplementation, leading to serum zinc concentrations of more than 0.025 mm, has often been suggested to improve immune responses.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] zinc supports, it even enhances, humoral and cell-mediated immunity by facilitating proliferative reactions to stimulus by different mitogens.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] the present review aims to determine the effects of exercise training on markers of zinc status in an apparently healthy adult population.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] zinc supplementation was effective in decreasing oxidative stress and generation of inflammatory cytokines such as tnf-alpha and il-1beta in elderly individuals and patients with scd.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] zinc is required for multiple cellular tasks, and especially the immune system depends on a sufficient availability of this essential trace element.

Does the Zisano bracelet strengthen the immune system, increase endurance and performance or reduce fatigue? [SEP] many investigators have used zinc supplementation in an attempt to affect the outcome of various diseases. |||

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] immunotherapy has been shown to produce immunologic changes that can result in the improvement of allergic diseases.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] immunomodulatory interventions play a key role in the treatment of infections and cancer as well as allergic diseases.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] if successful, topical immunotherapy may represent an important improvement in the therapy of inflammatory dermatoses, viral infections, and cancers of the skin and genital mucosa.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] immunotherapy has the potential to modify or re-balance the immune system and hence useful in the management of autoimmune conditions.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] or to ameliorate immune based pathologies (i.e., inflammation, autoimmune associated diseases, etc.).

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] recent data suggest that immunotherapy may have a role in preventing the development of new sensitizations or in decreasing the progression of allergic disease from rhinitis to asthma.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] these immunomodulatory activities improve the symptoms of respiratory diseases associated with chronic inflammation.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] these results suggest that the improvement of nasal epithelial cells and reduction of mast cell accumulation in nasal mucosa may be one of the mechanisms that could explain the improvement of nasal allergy symptoms following immunotherapy.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] previous in vivo studies have shown that mesenchymal stem cell (msc) transplantation significantly improves the condition of a number of autoimmune diseases including autoimmune cerebrospinal meningitis, multiple sclerosis, glomerulonephritis and systemic lupus erythematosus.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] this article aims to review clinically useful immunotherapies available for treatment of autoimmune conditions, with particular emphasis on type i diabetes mellitus, multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] better understanding of autoimmune conditions and advances in the production of humanized monoclonal antibodies, promises better immunotherapy in the near future.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] the use of anti-cytokine therapy (anti-tnf alpha and il-1ra) in rheumatoid arthritis has improved the quality of life of patients with refractory disease.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] the ability to modify antigen-specific pathogenic responses by therapeutic vaccination offers the prospect of targeted therapy resulting in long-term clinical improvement without nonspecific immune suppression.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] the locally generated immune milieu leads to a th1-dominance and cell-mediated immunity that have been clinically used to treat viral infections such as human papillomavirus, herpes simplex virus, and mollusca.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] this review highlights current knowledge of immunomodulatory therapies for the manipulation of immune tolerance and highlights recent approaches to improve allergen-specific immunotherapy for the treatment of allergic diseases.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] how allergen immunotherapy improves clinical symptoms is still not entirely clear.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] successful manipulation of the immune response will ultimately provide the answers for controlling homograft rejection, reversing autoimmune states, and quite possibly for curing carcinoma and other malignant neoplasms.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] therapies directed against specific effector molecules, such as immunoglobulin e and prostaglandin d2, hold promise in immune modulation of allergic disease, as do targeting the il-4/il-13 receptor and augmenting th1/th2 balance with toll-like receptor agonists.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] topical immunotherapy with both immunostimulatory and immunosuppressive agents bears potential for effective and patient friendly treatment of inflammatory, infectious, and cancerous skin diseases.

Does microimmunotherapy improve symptoms of allergies, cancer, joint inflammation, autoimmune diseases, dementia or various viral infections? [SEP] allergen immunotherapy has been shown to be efficacious in numerous studies for the clinical indications of allergic asthma and rhinitis, as well as hymenoptera venom hypersensitivity. |||

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] previous studies of ginkgo biloba extract (gbe) in patients with various forms of cognitive impairment or dementia have shown promising results.

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] in previous trials of the ginkgo biloba special extract egb 761 improvements in cognitive functioning and behavioural symptoms were found in patients with aging-associated cognitive impairment or dementia.

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] recent reviews showed that ginkgo biloba extract egb 761(1) is effective to enhance performance in patients with cognitive impairment (e.g., dementia).

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] clinical trials report that ginkgo biloba extracts (e.g., egb761) reduce cognitive symptoms in age-associated memory impairment and dementia, including alzheimer disease (ad).

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] neuropsychological effects of chronic administration of ginkgo in healthy and cognitively impaired subjects of any age.

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] extracts of ginkgo biloba are widely used to alleviate or delay the progress of age-related cognitive impairment.

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] although previous studies have demonstrated that ginkgo biloba extract has modest effects in the improvement of memory and cognitive function of the alzheimer's disease patients, the mechanism(s) underlying its beneficial effects remain(s) unclear.

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] multiple trials investigating the efficacy of ginkgo for treating cerebrovascular disease and dementia have been performed, and systematic reviews suggest the herb can improve the symptoms of dementia.

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] extracts of ginkgo biloba are widely used for the treatment of cognitive impairment.

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] extracts from the leaves of ginkgo biloba have been suggested to be useful in the treatment of various symptoms of impaired brain functions in advanced age.

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] ginkgo biloba has been shown to have chronic memory enhancing effects in healthy subjects and patients with dementia.

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] based on compelling experimental and clinical evidence, ginkgo biloba l. exerts a beneficial effect in ameliorating mild to moderate dementia in patients with alzheimer&rsquo;s disease (ad) and other neurological disorders, although the pharmacological mechanisms remain unknown.

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] ginkgo biloba is reported to enhance cognitive function in patients with selected neural disorders.

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] the use of ginkgo extract in either dementias of the alzheimer or multi-infarct type or in the case of cerebral insufficiency, a symptom complex related to age-dependent impairment of cerebral circulation, is based mainly on positive results from good-quality placebo-controlled studies that enrolled approximately 1,200 patients with criteria established by international classification of diseases (9th and 10th revisions, icd-9 and icd-10) or the 3rd revision of the diagnostic and statistical manual (dsm-iii-r) (uncomplicated dementia).

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] ginkgo biloba is a plant extract used to alleviate symptoms associated with cognitive deficits, e.g., decreased memory performance, lack of concentration, decreased alertness, tinnitus, and dizziness.

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] the herbal product ginkgo biloba is taken frequently with the intention of improving cognitive health in aging.

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] the herbal remedy ginkgo biloba is promoted as a treatment for a variety of ailments including memory loss and dementia, poor concentration and mood, glaucoma, 'cerebral insufficiency' and 'peripheral circulatory disturbances'.

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] we have previously found that 1 week of treatment with ginkgo improved attention, memory and mental flexibility in post-menopausal women, but the evidence for any beneficial effects of longer treatment is less well-established.

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] the current study aimed to examine the acute effects of ginkgo biloba (120 mg) on memory functioning in healthy older volunteers using the cognitive drug research (cdr) battery of memory tests and the rey auditory verbal learning task (avlt).

Can ginkgo extract improve mental performance in dementia patients? [SEP] ginkgo leaf is the most used form of supplement for cognitive ailments. |||

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] the wood of the cembran pine (pinus cembra l.), also known as swiss pine, arolla pine or stone pine, has a prominent and long-lasting odor which has been reported to relieve stress in humans.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] siberian pine (pinus sibirica), also known as siberian cedar pine and siberian cedar, is an important plant that has been long used as a source of natural compounds and materials (wood, needles, soft resin, turpentine, colophony).

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] scots pine (pinus sylvestris l.) wood is desired in woodworking industries due to its favorable timber characteristics and natural durability that is contributed by heartwood extractives.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] scots pine (pinus sylvestris) is a very common tree in polish forests, and therefore was widely used as timber.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] in the southern united states, the widely distributed loblolly pine contributes greatly to lumber and pulp production, as well as providing many important ecosystem services.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] lodgepole pine (pinus contorta var.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] accordingly, we investigated scots pine wood samples grown in germany for their main odorant composition.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] workers exposed to a variety of wood dusts have been shown to exhibit occupational asthma, lung function deficits, and elevated levels of respiratory symptoms.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] being one of the most common trees in forests, pinus sylvestris l. is a frequently used raw material for wood products.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] trees of scots pine (pinus sylvestris l.) are known for their effective phytoextraction capabilities.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] lodgepole pine from forest thinnings is a potential feedstock for ethanol production.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] we investigated whether wood production in forests dominated by aleppo pine (pinus halepensis) and pyrenean scots pine (pinus sylvestris) differed between monospecific and mixed forests (2-5 species) using the ecological and forest inventory of catalonia (iefc) database which contains biotic and environmental characteristics for 10,644 field plots distributed within a 31,944 km(2) area in catalonia (ne spain).

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] in this study, the effects of heat treatment on physical properties and surface roughness of camiyani black pine (pinus nigra arn.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] pallasiana) wood were examined.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] several compounds including germacrene d, thymol, carvacrol, rotundone, β-caryophyllene, α-humulene, cinnamaldehyde, and ethyl cinnamate are reported here for the first time as odorous constituents of pinewood.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] in contrast, in aleppo pine forests wood production was greater in mixed plots than in monospecific plots.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] the heartwood of many wood species is rich in extractives, which improve the wood material's resistance to biological attack.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] despite the popularity of pine and spruce, the health effects of exposures to these woods have not been extensively investigated.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] understanding pb effects on tree ecophysiology is key to defining burn prescriptions aimed at reducing fire hazard in mediterranean pine plantations, such as pinus pinea l. stands.

Does pine wood improve sleep? [SEP] correlation coefficients in the calibration and validation procedure gave promising results for temperature reconstruction from the pine chronology. |||

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] previous research has demonstrated beneficial impact of spermidine intake on memory functions in both animal models and humans, suggesting that spermidine may be a preventive approach to delay age-related cognitive decline and possibly even alzheimer's disease (ad).

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] this is the first human study to evaluate the impact of spermidine supplementation on memory performance in older adults at risk for the development of alzheimer's disease.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] in this pilot trial, nutritional spermidine was associated with a positive impact on memory performance in older adults with subject cognitive decline.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] our data suggest that higher spermidine intake might be a promising dietary approach to preserve brain health in older adults, a hypothesis currently tested in an interventional trial.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] in this study, we aimed to determine the association between dietary spermidine intake and structural brain measures in older individuals with subjective cognitive decline (scd) and healthy controls (hc).

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] higher dietary spermidine intake was positively associated with several structural brain measures, irrespective of the presence of scd, and substantially mediated the relationship of adherence to medi and structural brain measures.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] a decline in polyamine levels with age has been implicated in the pathophysiology of aging, and nutritional supplementation of spermidine can reduce age-related pathology and increase lifespan in a number of different organisms.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] cognitively intact participants with subjective cognitive decline (n = 30, 60-80 years of age) were included in this three-months, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind phase iia pilot trial with a spermidine-rich plant extract supplement.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] here, we discuss nutritional and other possible routes to counteract the age-mediated decline of spermidine levels.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] moreover, a substantial mediating effect of dietary spermidine intake on the associations between adherence to medi and structural brain measures was observed.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] in humans, spermidine levels decline with aging, and a possible connection between reduced endogenous spermidine concentrations and age-related deterioration has been suggested.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] oxidative stress is an established dementia pathway, but it is unknown if the use of antioxidant supplements can prevent dementia.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] spermidine preserves mitochondrial function, exhibits anti-inflammatory properties, and prevents stem cell senescence.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] to determine if antioxidant supplements (vitamin e or selenium) used alone or in combination can prevent dementia in asymptomatic older men.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] higher spermidine intake was associated with larger hippocampal volume (standardized β ​= ​0.262, p ​= ​0.002), greater mean cortical thickness (standardized β ​= ​0.187, p ​= ​0.031), and greater cortical thickness in ad-vulnerable brain regions (standardized β ​= ​0.176, p ​= ​0.042), the parietal (standardized β ​= ​0.202, p ​= ​0.020), and temporal lobes (standardized β ​= ​0.217, p ​= ​0.012).

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] external supplementation of spermidine extends lifespan and health span across species, including in yeast, nematodes, flies and mice.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] nutritional intervention with the natural polyamine spermidine, an autophagy-enhancing agent, can prevent memory loss in aging model organisms.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] our data demonstrate that dietary spermidine attenuates age-associated deterioration of mf-ca3 synaptic transmission and plasticity.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] the exogenous administration of spermidine promotes longevity in many model organisms.

Do spermidine supplements or a spermidine-rich diet reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia? Do they help with existing dementia? [SEP] mediation analyses were performed to examine whether dietary spermidine intake mediates the associations between adherence to medi and structural brain measures. |||

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] intake of blue mussels decreased disease activity in women with rheumatoid arthritis (ra) in the randomized cross-over mira (mussels, inflammation and ra) trial.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] our study was designed to test the ability of the mussel extract to relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis as both a supplement and an alternative to orthodox anti-inflammatory medication.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] studies have suggested a lipid extract from hard-shelled mussel (mytilus coruscus) (hmle) possessed strong anti-inflammatory activity in arthritis model of rats.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] there is little consistent and compelling evidence, to date, in the therapeutic use of freeze-dried green-lipped mussel powder products for rheumatoid or osteoarthritis treatment, particularly in comparison to other cheaper alternative nutriceutical supplements of proven efficacy.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] the present study was designed to investigate the anti-inflammatory activity and mechanism of a lipid extract from hard-shelled mussel (mytilus coruscus) on adjuvant-induced (aia) and collagen-induced arthritis (cia) in rats.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] the therapeutic benefits of greenshell™ mussel (gsm; perna canaliculus) preparations have been studied using in vitro test systems, animal models, and human clinical trials focusing mainly on anti-inflammatory and anti-arthritic effects.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] new zealand green lipped mussel (nzglm), abalone (ab), and shark cartilage (sc) are extensively used for treatment of and/or as preventatives for arthritis, despite a relative paucity of scientific evidence for efficacy.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] freeze-dried extracts of the new zealand green lipped mussel, perna canaliculus, have been promoted extensively as a treatment for rheumatoid arthritis for some years though there have been few published trials of its effectiveness.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] similar results were found in arthritic rats that received new zealand green-lipped mussel lipid extract (gmle) at the same dosage.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] aia and cia rats that received hard-shelled mussel lipid extract (hmle group) at a dose of 100 mg/kg demonstrated significantly lower paw swelling and arthritic index, but higher body weight gain than those which received olive oil (control group).

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] here we investigated the effect of green lipped mussel oil complex (glmoc) on inflammation and underlying mechanism in lipopolysaccharide stimulated raw264.7 murine macrophage cells.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] extracts from perna canaliculus, the green lipped mussel (glm) are widely used as a complimentary therapy by patients with osteoarthritis (oa).

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] however, further investigations are necessary to determine whether green-lipped mussel supplements, such as seatone, are therapeutic options in the management of arthritis.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] lyprinol (pharmalink international), the stabilised lipid extract of the new zealand green-lipped mussel, is currently used to relieve symptoms of arthritis.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] searches for all published controlled trials on the clinical effectiveness of green-lipped mussel, as a nutritional supplement with potential health benefits for arthritis, were carried out from four independent databases.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] reports of clinical studies, using freeze-dried mussel powder, show mixed outcome measures and are not conclusive, with only two of five randomized controlled trials attesting benefits for rheumatoid and osteoarthritis patients.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] this study investigated whether hmle could improve clinical conditions of rheumatoid arthritis patients.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] intake of fish oil and oily fish has been reported to improve clinical symptoms in people who have rheumatoid arthritis.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] fish and plant seed fatty acids have antiinflammatory and immunomodulating properties that make them of potential use in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.

Do green-lipped mussel preparations improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] intake of oily fish was associated with a modestly decreased risk of developing rheumatoid arthritis. |||

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] public health risks associated to infection by human coronaviruses remain considerable and vaccination is a key option for preventing the resurgence of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (sars-cov).

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] coronaviruses (cov) are viruses widely known to cause severe respiratory distress due to the prominent clinical symptoms presented.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] vaccination may attenuate symptom intensity after symptom onset.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] coronaviruses (cov) cause common colds in humans, but are also responsible for the recent severe acute, and middle east, respiratory syndromes (sars and mers, respectively).

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] we hypothesize that recurrent covs exposure may induce an effective antiviral b and t-cell-mediated adaptive immune response, which could also be protective against covid-19.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] effective vaccines should confer long-term protection against future outbreaks of severe acute respiratory syndrome (sars) caused by a novel zoonotic coronavirus (sars-cov) with unknown animal reservoirs.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] coronaviruses such as sars-cov and middle east respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus (mers-cov) cause high case fatality rates and remain major human public health threats, creating a need for effective vaccines.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] based on the high-homology between the spike protein epitopes of taxonomically-related coronaviruses, we theorize that past/recurrent contact with covs might shield children also against the circulating covid-19 through a possible neutralizing antibody response previously covs-induced.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] although the severe acute respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus (sars-cov) epidemic was controlled by nonvaccine measures, coronaviruses remain a major threat to human health.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] the incidence and clinical impact of coronavirus (cov) infection in elderly persons and those with underlying cardiopulmonary disease over a long duration is not well described.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] high-dose vaccine augments immune response in cardiac patients, suggesting that a high-dose influenza vaccination strategy may further reduce morbidity and mortality.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] clinical symptoms of coronavirus infections can range from relatively mild (similar to the common cold) to severe (bronchitis, pneumonia, and renal involvement).

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] all individuals, especially children, are exposed to various viruses including human coronavirus (covs) that can generally lead to respiratory infections.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] the primary hypothesis is that high-dose influenza vaccine will reduce the composite outcome of all-cause mortality and hospitalization from a cardiovascular or pulmonary cause compared with standard-dose influenza vaccine within each enrolling season.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] the disease caused by the 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-ncov) was called covid-19 by the world health organization in february 2020.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] while coronavirus antigens that induce protective neutralizing antibodies have been identified, coronavirus vaccines present a unique problem in that immunized individuals when infected by virus can develop lung eosinophilic pathology, a problem that is further exacerbated by the formulation of sars-cov vaccines with alum adjuvants.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] such vaccines present major challenges: coronavirus immunity often wanes rapidly, individuals needing to be protected include the elderly, and vaccines may exacerbate rather than prevent coronavirus lung immunopathology.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] in patients with high-risk cardiovascular disease, high-dose trivalent inactivated influenza vaccine, compared with standard-dose quadrivalent inactivated influenza vaccine, did not significantly reduce all-cause mortality or cardiopulmonary hospitalizations.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] higher influenza vaccine dose has been associated with reduced risk of influenza illness.

Does covid vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting long-lasting symptoms (long covid) in case of corona infection? [SEP] here, we review these literatures and discuss the neurologic impact of cov while highlighting potential implications of the novel sars-cov-2 in the nervous system. |||

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] lysine appears to suppress the clinical manifestations of herpesvirus infection.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] the clinical results demonstrated a beneficial effect from supplementary lysine in accelerating recovery from herpes simplex infection and suppressing recurrence.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] l-lysine has an inhibitory effect on the multiplication of herpes simplex virus in cell cultures.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] these results suggest that prophylactic lysine may be useful in managing selected cases of recurrent herpes simplex labialis if serum lysine levels can be maintained at adequate concentrations.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] l-lysine supplementation appears to be ineffective for prophylaxis or treatment of herpes simplex lesions with doses of less than 1 g/d without low-arginine diets.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] this study was conducted to determine the effectiveness of a combination of l-lysine with botanicals and other nutrients in relieving the symptoms of facial and circumoral herpes.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] we have evaluated the prophylactic effect of l-lysine monohydrochloride 1000 mg daily on recurrent herpes simplex labialis in 65 patients in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] l-lysine, an essential amino acid, inhibits normal replication of herpes simplex virus (hsv), shortening the normal course and duration of the disease.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] on the whole, lysine prophylaxis had no effect on the recurrence rate of herpes simplex.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] the amino acid lysine is an agent that has been proposed for treating the clinical symptoms of recurrent herpes simplex labialis.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] in the herpes lesions described, lysine had no effect on the rate of healing or on the appearance of the lesions at their worst.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] 45 patients with frequently recurring herpes infection were given 312-1,200 mg of lysine daily in single or multiple doses.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] longer duration controlled studies of daily lysine doses exceeding 1.2 g/d are required to definitively test its role in herpes simplex prophylaxis.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] to summarize the research evidence for use of l-lysine to prevent hsv disease recurrence, a use not widely recognized by doctors.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] the opposite, preponderance of lysine to arginine, suppresses viral replication and inhibits cytopathogenicity of herpes simplex virus.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] management of episodes of herpes labialis (cold sores) in otherwise healthy individuals is mainly based on hygiene measures intended to avoid transmitting the virus.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] this study examined the efficacy of long-term prophylactic lysine supplementation.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] l-lysine hydrochloride (lys) is an essential amino acid in humans and animals, and it is used in animal feeds, in prevention of herpes simplex recurrence, and cereal fortification in some developing countries.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] the first study explored whether cla supplementation (safflorin; loders croklaan, bv, wormerveer, the netherlands) altered the virological or clinical course of experimental hrv infection, and the second explored whether cla affected the frequency and severity of hrv cold-associated sore throat and cough.

Can the preventive intake of lysine prevent cold sores (lip herpes) and genital herpes? Can lysine help when the blisters are already there? [SEP] herpes simplex labialis (hsl) is a common infection that can cause painful lesions on the oral mucosa, commonly referred to as cold sores. |||

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] the decrease in vo(2)max that occurs when oral contraceptive is taken may influence elite sporting performance in some women.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] to examine the effects of a moderate dose, triphasic oral contraceptive on measures of athletic performance in highly trained women athletes.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] because of their hormonal content, oral contraceptives may alter lipolytic activity under resting or exercise conditions in women.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] these results indicate that oral contraceptive use attenuates soreness following an exhaustive stepping activity but cannot support a relationship between estrogen ingestion and other indices of exercise-induced muscle damage.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] the use of combined oral contraceptive pills may be advantageous to the physical fitness of female athletes.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] the effects of a combined oral contraceptive pill on female hemodynamics during exercise were studied in 14 young, healthy women.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] oral contraceptives are commonly used by women athletes.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] the increase in blood volume, stroke volume, and cardiac output during exercise was significantly greater during combined oral contraceptive therapy than when the patients were not taking the pill.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] these data suggest that oral contraceptive use does not significantly affect muscle strength.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] low-dose oral contraceptive usage is associated with a decrease in functional aerobic capacity, but it does not impinge on the hemostatic mechanism or lipid-lipoprotein metabolism.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] to determine the effects of the oral contraceptive pill (ocp) on skeletal health, soft tissue injury, and performance in female athletes.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] overall, oral contraceptives increased lipid mobilization in the postprandial state, but this effect was blunted when lipolytic activity was stimulated by exercise per se.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] twelve exercising women were randomly allocated to groups of either oral contraceptive users or non-oral contraceptive users.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] the present study examined the effects of regularly ingesting estrogen, in the form of oral contraceptives, on postexercise muscle damage following a bench-stepping regimen.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] a study was undertaken to determine whether low-dose oral contraceptive usage would negate the beneficial effect of exercise on cardiorespiratory fitness, lipid and lipoprotein levels, and coagulation.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] the effect of hormonal oral contraceptives (ocs) on carbohydrate metabolism depends on the amount of estrogen (ethinyl estradiol or mestranol), type and amount of progestin, formulation of the pill (monophasic, sequential, or triphasic), duration of use, mode of administration (oral v parenteral), and race and genetic predisposition of the user.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] to examine the effects of oral contraceptive use on maximum force production in young women.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] overall, the advantages of the pill for sportswomen would appear to outweigh any potential disadvantages.

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] there were no significant changes in the concentration of endogenous oestradiol or progesterone or any measure of muscle strength between pill phases (p<0.05).

Do hormonal contraceptives to swallow (the "pill") affect endurance performance in women? [SEP] the pill group did not significantly differ from the eumenorrheic group (p<0.05), despite a significant increase in the concentration of progesterone and oestradiol on day 21 of the menstrual cycle compared with day 2 of the menstrual cycle and pill consumption and withdrawal (p<0.05). |||

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] these data suggest that oral contraceptive use does not significantly affect muscle strength.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] in this small study, the androgenicity of the progestin in the contraceptive pill had no significant association with maximal strength in these female athletes.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] this study was conducted to examine androgenicity of the progestin in oral contraceptive pills and its effect on maximal leg strength in females.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] these results indicate that oral contraceptive use attenuates soreness following an exhaustive stepping activity but cannot support a relationship between estrogen ingestion and other indices of exercise-induced muscle damage.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] the present study examined the effects of regularly ingesting estrogen, in the form of oral contraceptives, on postexercise muscle damage following a bench-stepping regimen.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] between two sessions, initiation of pill use significantly decreased women's preferences for male facial masculinity but did not influence preferences for same-sex faces.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] to examine the effects of oral contraceptive use on maximum force production in young women.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] there were no significant changes in the concentration of endogenous oestradiol or progesterone or any measure of muscle strength between pill phases (p<0.05).

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] therefore, the purpose of this study was to determine whether estrogen use is associated with enhanced muscle composition and, if so, whether this translates into improved strength and physical function.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] hormonal variations during the menstrual cycle (mc) may influence trainability of strength.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] millions of women use hormonal contraception and it has been suggested that such use may alter mate preferences.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] both facial measurements and perceptual judgements demonstrated that partners of women who used the pill during mate choice have less masculine faces than partners of women who did not use hormonal contraception at this time.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] we found no evidence that postmenopausal estrogen use has beneficial effects on muscle strength or neuromuscular function or that it reduces the risk of falling.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] several authors have suggested that estrogen may serve to protect skeletal muscle from exercise-induced damage.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] maximum dynamic and isometric leg strength, maximum isometric strength of the first dorsal interosseus (fdi) muscle, and plasma concentrations of oestradiol and progesterone were measured on days 7 and 14 of pill consumption and day 5 of pill withdrawal.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] after adjusting for age, medications, medical history, and personal habits, current estrogen users did not differ in a clinically meaningful way from those who had never used estrogen on tests of hip abductor strength (mean difference, 0.15 kg; 95% confidence interval, -0.05 to 0.34 kg), triceps extensor strength (0.005 kg; -0.17 to 0.18 kg), or grip strength (0.30 kg; 0.00 to 0.59 kg).

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] to determine the effect of postmenopausal estrogen use on muscle strength, neuromuscular function, and the risk of falling, we examined 9704 participants aged 65 years or more enrolled in the study of osteoporotic fractures.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] although the beneficial effects of estrogen use on cardiovascular and cognitive function in postmenopausal women have been recently discredited, controversy remains regarding its usefulness for maintaining skeletal muscle mass or strength.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] to test whether altered preference during pill use influences actual partner choice, we examined facial characteristics in 170 age-matched male partners of women who reported having either been using or not using the pill when the partnership was formed.

Does the pill affect the muscle strength of women?? [SEP] the purpose of this pilot study was to determine the influence of oral contraceptives (oc) on electromyography (emg) and mechanomyography (mmg) during isometric (iso) muscle actions of the rectus femoris. |||

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] whole-body cryotherapy is a treatment method applied in treatment of motor organ issues, nervous system diseases, psychiatry, dermatology and laryngology.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] most clinical studies report that the use of cryotherapy has a positive effect on pain reduction and on the recovery of various injuries.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] whole body cryotherapy, a relatively new form of cold therapy, consists of short whole-body exposure to extremely cold air (-110°c to -140°c).

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] this review focuses primarily on two methods of cold therapy that have received recent attention: whole-body cryotherapy and partial-body cryotherapy.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] in whole body cryotherapy the whole human body is exposed to low temperature below -100 degrees c in a special room called cryogenic chamber for a very short period of time (2-3 minutes).

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] the aim of this review is to compare whole- and partial-body cryotherapy effects (especially on skin temperature) and to classify the protocols for exposure according to the desired effects.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] whole body cryotherapy (wbc) consists of a brief exposure to extreme cold air (-110°c) in a controlled chamber and it is applied in sports medicine to improve recovery from musculoskeletal trauma.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] the aim of this study was to examine the effect of different sequences of whole-body cryostimulations on the level of pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines in healthy individuals.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] cryotherapy is used in the early treatment of acute injuries (sprains, strains, fractures) yet only a few papers discuss the possible influence of whole-body cryostimulation on inflammation mechanisms or immunology.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] therapeutic cold, or cryotherapy, has the cooling of the tissues as its primary effect.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] cryotherapy has also been shown to reduce pain effectively in the post-operative period after reconstructive surgery of the joints.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] whole-body cryotherapy (wbc) is one mode of cold therapy, during which rheumatic patients are exposed to very cold air (-110 degrees c) in minimal clothing.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] the therapy consists in the exposure to very cold air in special cryochambers.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] cryotherapy is commonly used as a procedure to relieve pain symptoms, particularly in inflammatory diseases, injuries and overuse symptoms.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] whole body cryotherapy (wbc) is the therapeutic application of extreme cold air for a short duration.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] whole-body cryotherapy (wbc) is an increasing applied cryotherapeutic method, that involves application of a cryotherapeutic factor to stimulate the body by the means of intense hypothermia of virtually the body's entire area.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] the treatment was named whole-body cryotherapy (wbc).

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] the hypotheses of this randomized controlled trial (rct) were that advanced cryotherapy devices compared with cold packs result in (1) better postoperative pain control resulting in a lower consumption of narcotics; (2) better early rom; and (3) less postoperative bleeding and swelling.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] the use of cryotherapy, i.e.

Does whole-body cryotherapy in the cold chamber improve health? [SEP] cryotherapy has been used to enhance recovery after orthopaedic surgery. |||

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] in previous studies, transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (tens) was shown to result in improvements in nonverbal short-term and long-term memory, verbal long-term memory, and verbal fluency in patients in an early stage of alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] in previous studies, transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (tens) has been applied to patients with either alzheimer's disease (ad) or incipient dementia, resulting in an enhancement in memory and verbal fluency.

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] background: transcranial direct-current stimulation (tdcs) facilitates cognitive improvement in healthy and pathological populations.

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] in previous studies, transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (tens) was shown to have a positive effect on memory in alzheimer's disease (ad) patients.

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] in some previous studies, transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (tens) to the back was shown to improve non-verbal short-term and long-term memory as well as verbal fluency in patients in the early stage of alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) has been proposed as a possible treatment for the cognitive deficits associated with alzheimer disease (ad).

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] immediately after patients with alzheimer's disease (ad) receive a single anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) session their memory performance improves.

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] previous studies have shown that anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlpfc) led to an improvement of various cognitive functions in patients with alzheimer dementia, early affected by short-term memory deficits.

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) has been put forward as a non-pharmacological alternative for alleviating cognitive decline in old age.

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] in previous studies beneficial effects of peripheral electrical or tactile nerve stimulation were observed on memory and affective behaviour in patients with probable alzheimer's disease.

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) is a potential tool for alleviating various forms of cognitive decline, including memory loss, in older adults.

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] recent studies have attested that noninvasive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) may help improve cognitive function in patients with ad.

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] our research question is: can tdcs serve as a clinical intervention for improving the cognitive functions of persons with mci (pwmci) and dementia (pwd)?

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] the aim of our study was to investigate whether another form of noninvasive brain stimulation, anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs), which increases cortical excitability, is associated with a change in a working memory task performance in pd patients.

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] since this approach has not been evaluated in the context of vascular dementia, which rather affects the velocity of cognitive responses, we aimed at improving these functions by applying repetitive sessions of anodal tdcs.

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] several studies have reported that transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs), a non-invasive method of neuromodulation, enhances some aspects of working memory in healthy and parkinson disease subjects.

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) can be used to probe cortical function and treat neuropsychiatric illnesses.

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] assess the effects of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms), applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlpfc), on bpsd and cognitive function in persons with ad.

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] tdcs may exert a beneficial effect on working memory in pd patients that depends on the intensity and site of stimulation.

Does transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) improve mental performance in people with Alzheimer's dementia? Can the treatment improve the quality of life of those affected? [SEP] tms has demonstrated neuroplastic effects akin to long-term potentiation and long-term depression, and therapeutic applications are in development for post-stroke recovery, alzheimer's disease, and depression in seniors. |||

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] low level laser therapy (lllt) offers promising symptomatic relief of osteoarthritic (oa) pain.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] high-intensity laser therapy (hilt) has recently been used to control pain and symptom improvement in knee osteoarthritis.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] in this systematic review, we investigate the clinical effectiveness of low-level laser therapy (lllt) on joint pain.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] introduction: low-level laser therapy (lllt) was introduced as an alternative non-invasive treatment for osteoarthritis, but its effectiveness is still controversial.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] the review shows that laser therapy on the joint reduces pain in patients.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] of the various physical interventions used to relieve the symptoms of osteoarthritis (oa), a common degenerative joint disease causing considerable pain and disability, low power laser therapy has been reported to be extremely successful in russia and eastern europe.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] in recent decades, low-level laser therapy (lllt) has been widely used to relieve pain caused by different musculoskeletal disorders.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] low-energy laser therapy has recently been popularized in the treatment of various rheumatologic, neurologic, and musculoskeletal disorders such as osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, fibromyalgia, carpal tunnel syndrome, rotator cuff tendinitis, and chronic back pain syndromes.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] low-power laser (lpl) therapy has been claimed to reduce pain in musculoskeletal pathologies, but there have been concerns about this point.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] although some studies show that low level laser therapy (lllt) has the ability to modulate inflammatory processes and relieve acute pain condition, the laser therapy dose protocol has not been yet completely established.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] recently, low-intensity laser irradiation of corresponding acupoints was demonstrated to alleviate pain.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] low level laser therapy (lllt) has been developed for non-invasive treatment of joint diseases.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] low-level laser therapy (lllt) is thought to have an analgesic effect as well as a biomodulatory effect on microcirculation.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] low-level laser (light) therapy (lllt) is an alternative approach with no known side effects and with reports of substantial therapeutic efficacy in osteoarthritis.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] fifty-five patients with cartilage problems in their knee joints were randomized into two groups: the laser group included 30 patients and the conventionally instrumented group consisted of 25 patients.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] some authors have reported a few cases of paraarticular osteonecrosis following arthroscopic knee surgery in which laser was used to assist in the treatment of cartilage and meniscal pathology.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] low-level laser therapy (lllt) treatment for pain caused by temporomandibular joint disorders (tmd) was investigated in a controlled study comparing applied energy density, subgroups of tmd, and duration of disorders.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of low-level laser on patients with lbp.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] the aim of this study was to assess the effects of laser irradiation on osteoarthritic (oa) synovial protein expression.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce pain from knee or hip osteoarthritis? [SEP] objective: the aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of 10.6 μm laser moxibustion on a monosodium iodoacetate (mia)-induced knee osteoarthritis pain model. |||

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] low level laser therapy (lllt) offers promising symptomatic relief of osteoarthritic (oa) pain.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] in this systematic review, we investigate the clinical effectiveness of low-level laser therapy (lllt) on joint pain.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] the review shows that laser therapy on the joint reduces pain in patients.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] of the various physical interventions used to relieve the symptoms of osteoarthritis (oa), a common degenerative joint disease causing considerable pain and disability, low power laser therapy has been reported to be extremely successful in russia and eastern europe.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] low-energy laser therapy has recently been popularized in the treatment of various rheumatologic, neurologic, and musculoskeletal disorders such as osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, fibromyalgia, carpal tunnel syndrome, rotator cuff tendinitis, and chronic back pain syndromes.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] although some studies show that low level laser therapy (lllt) has the ability to modulate inflammatory processes and relieve acute pain condition, the laser therapy dose protocol has not been yet completely established.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] low level laser therapy (lllt) has been developed for non-invasive treatment of joint diseases.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] low-power laser therapy has been used for the non-surgical treatment of mild to moderate carpal tunnel syndrome, although its efficacy has been a long-standing controversy.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] the aim of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of 904-nm low-level laser therapy (lllt) in the management of lateral epicondylitis.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] low-level laser therapy (lllt) treatment for pain caused by temporomandibular joint disorders (tmd) was investigated in a controlled study comparing applied energy density, subgroups of tmd, and duration of disorders.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] the aim of this study was to assess the effects of laser irradiation on osteoarthritic (oa) synovial protein expression.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] a single diode laser irradiation of the synovial samples of patients with osteoarthritis can statistically significantly alter the expression of some proteins in vitro.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] the objective of this study is to investigate the effect of low-power gallium-arsenide laser treatment on the patients with shoulder pain.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] evidence strongly supports that low-level laser therapy (lllt) is an effective physical modality for the treatment of pain associated with myofascial trigger points (mtrp).

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] although recent clinical studies have shown that laser therapy acts as an anti-inflammatory effector in the treatment of some diseases, little is known about the mechanism by which it acts in rheumatoid arthritis (ra) patients.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] low-level laser therapy (lllt) is thought to have an analgesic effect as well as a biomodulatory effect on microcirculation.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] laser therapy may cause potential beneficial effects.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] here, we report the measurement of the effective optical power of low-power laser therapy for carpal tunnel syndrome.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of low-level laser on patients with lbp.

Can low-level laser therapy reduce wrist osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] low power laser has been proved as a pain reducing modality, but there is a lack of studies comparing it with other treatments and also among the iranian race and society. |||

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] covid-19 is commonly mild and self-limiting, but in a considerable portion of patients the disease is severe and fatal.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] the severity of covid-19 is highly correlated with its mortality rate.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] pre-existing comorbidities such as hypertension, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease are associated with a greater severity and higher fatality rate of covid-19.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] covid-19 is a systemic infection with a significant impact on coagulation which manifests in thromboembolism.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] the rate of thromboembolic complications in covid-19 patients is definitely high.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] kaplan-meier curves showed a gradual increase in the risk of severe covid-19 illness (log-rank p < 0.001) stratified by the number of vascular risk factors.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] critically ill patients diagnosed with covid-19 may develop a pro-thrombotic state that places them at a dramatically increased lethal risk.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] we aimed to identify risk factors for covid-19 severity and assess outcomes in patients where covid-19 complicated the treatment of their haematological disorder.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] haematology patients receiving chemo- or immunotherapy are considered to be at greater risk of covid-19-related morbidity and mortality.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] covid-19 has spread worldwide and has caused significant morbidity and mortality.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] recognition that mild covid-19 can be complicated by subsequent cardiac injury and/or coagulopathy is important.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] covid-19, a disease initially thought to be prominently an interstitial pneumonia with varying degrees of severity, can be considered a vascular disease with regards to serious complications and causes of mortality.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] patients with cardiovascular comorbidities are at high risk of poor outcome from covid-19.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] covid-19 disease can lead to multiple complications such as severe acute respiratory distress syndrome (ards), coagulopathy, renal failure, cardiac and neurological complications.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] understanding how hla polymorphisms may affect both susceptibility, course and severity of covid-19 infection could help both at the clinical level to identify individuals at higher risk from the disease and at the epidemiological one to explain the differences in the epidemic trend among countries or even within a specific country.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] we propose a novel severity score specifically for covid-19 to help predict disease severity and mortality.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] our aim was to investigate the association of severe covid-19 illness with vascular risk factor burden.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] although some patients with covid-19 develop only mild symptoms, fatal complications have been observed among those with comorbidities.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] the immunosuppressed condition caused by hematological malignancy may not always be a risk factor for severe illness associated with covid-19.

Does blood type affect the likelihood that Covid 19 disease will take a severe course or lead to death? [SEP] we evaluated the association between the number of vascular risk factors and the development of severe covid-19 disease, using a cox regression model. |||

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] our results indicate that mouth rinses can significantly reduce virus infectivity, suggesting a potential benefit for reducing sars-cov-2 spread.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] some new generations of mouth rinses currently on the market have ingredients that could contribute to lower the sars-cov-2 viral load, and thus facilitate the fight against oral transmission.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] here, we determined the effect of commercially available mouth rinses and antiseptic povidone-iodine on the infectivity of sars-cov-2 virus and of a non-pathogenic, recombinant, sars-cov-2 infection vector (pseudotyped sars-cov-2 virus).

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] sars-cov-2 is detectable in saliva from asymptomatic individuals, suggesting the potential necessity for the use of mouth rinses to suppress viral load to reduce virus spread.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] the person-to-person transmission of sars-cov-2 may occur directly or indirectly through saliva, and a preoperational use of antimicrobial mouthwash is considered to reduce the number of oral microbes.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] our results suggest that assessing anti-viral candidates including mouth rinses with minimal potential disruption of cells may help identify active agents that can reduce sars-cov-2 spread.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] sars-cov-2 is detectable in saliva from asymptomatic individuals, suggesting a potential benefit from the use of mouth rinses to suppress viral load and reduce virus spread.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] if chlorhexidine, a usual component of mouth rinse, is not efficient to kill sars-cov-2, the use of a mouth rinses and/or with local nasal applications that contain β-cyclodextrins combined with flavonoids agents, such as citrox, could provide valuable adjunctive treatment to reduce the viral load of saliva and nasopharyngeal microbiota, including potential sars-cov-2 carriage.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate the protective effects of sodium fluoride solutions and commercial mouthrinses on hydroxyapatite (ha) dissolution in citric acid in vitro, with and without a salivary pellicle.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] we found that all mouth rinses tested inactivated sars-cov-2 viruses.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] toothpastes containing hydroxyapatite (ha-toothpaste) have demonstrated efficacy in preventing caries, treating hypersensitivity and curing periodontal diseases, however, their effects on whitening teeth have not been investigated.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] we first determined the effect of mouth rinses on cell viability to ensure that antiviral activity was not a consequence of mouth rinse-induced cytotoxicity.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] hydroxyapatite is widely utilized as a component in dental hygiene agents.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] it is concluded that toothpaste containing hydroxyapatite are effective at whitening tooth and that whitening was not due to their polishing effect on tooth surface.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] the potency of chg was greater when the product was not washed off after virus attachment, suggesting that the prolonged effect of mouth rinses on cells impacts anti-viral activity.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] when mouth rinses were present in the cell culture during the infection, the potent anti-viral effect of mouth rinses were in part due to the mouth rinse-associated cytotoxicity.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] synthetic particulate hydroxyapatite (hap; ca5(po4)3(oh)) is used as ingredient in oral care products but its effects on cariogenic biofilms are not clear yet.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] the aim of this study was to compare the efficacy of sodium fluoride mouthrinse and nano- hydroxyapatite (nano-ha) for the remineralization of incipient caries.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] 1 chlorhexidine mouthwash has been a common antiseptic agent used in dentistry, both preoperative and postoperative use reducing post-surgical infectious complications.

Do mouth rinses with hydroxyapatite, for example the products "Linola sept mouth rinse" and "Karex Abwehr", protect against SARS-CoV-2 infection? [SEP] the effects of hydroxyapatite (ha) surface pretreatment with hydrophilic polysaccharides on saliva-promoted s. mutans adhesion in vitro and de novo dental biofilm deposition in vivo were examined. |||

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd) exhibits significant efficacy in mental and inflammatory diseases.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] background: the possibility of cannabidiol (cbd) to be used as an antiviral or to treat viral diseases has received limited attention so far, despite the growing number of claims that cbd could be used for the treatment of viral infection-related conditions.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd) is an anti-inflammatory cannabinoid shown to be beneficial in a mouse model of ibd.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd), the main nonpsychoactive constituent of cannabis sativa, has shown a wide range of therapeutically promising pharmacological effects either as a sole drug or in combination with other drugs in adjunctive therapy.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] beneficial effects of cannabidiol (cbd) have been described for a wide range of psychiatric disorders, including anxiety, psychosis, and depression.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd) is a component of cannabis sativa that has a broad spectrum of potential therapeutic effects in neuropsychiatric and other disorders.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd) is a compound of cannabis sativa with relevant therapeutic potential in several neuropsychiatric disorders including depression.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd) is a natural compound with psychoactive therapeutic properties well described.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd), the main non-psychotomimetic component of the plant cannabis sativa, exerts therapeutically promising effects on human mental health such as inhibition of psychosis, anxiety and depression.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd), one of the main components of cannabis sp., presents clinical and preclinical anxiolytic properties.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] with treatment benefits in both the central nervous system and the peripheral system, the medical use of cannabidiol (cbd) has gained increasing popularity.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd), a non-psychotomimetic component of cannabis sativa plant, shows therapeutic potential in psychiatric disorders, including depression.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] preliminary evidence suggests that cannabidiol (cbd) may be effective in the treatment of neurodegenerative disorders; however, cbd has never been evaluated for the treatment of cognitive impairments associated with schizophrenia (cias).

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] recent evidence suggests that cannabidiol (cbd), a non-intoxicating ingredient present in cannabis extract, has an antipsychotic effect in people with established psychosis.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] in this model of colitis, thc and cbd not only reduced inflammation but also lowered the occurrence of functional disturbances.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] lacking any central effect, cannabidiol is an attractive option for treating inflammatory diseases.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd) has gained much attention in the past several years for its therapeutic potential in the treatment of drug-resistant epilepsy, such as dravet syndrome.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] cannabidiol (cbd), the main non-psychotomimetic component of marihuana, exhibits anxiolytic-like properties in many behavioural tests, although its potential for treating major depression has been poorly explored.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] in this study, the potential anti-inflammatory effects and underlying mechanisms of cbd and its analog dimethyl-heptyl-cannabidiol (dmh-cbd) were investigated using raw 264.7 macrophages.

Does CBD (cannabidiol) relieve symptoms of mild to moderate covid-19 disease? [SEP] (-)-cannabidiol (cbd) has been shown to interact with delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol (thc) in behavioural studies, but it remains to be established if these cannabinoids interact in vivo in inflammatory disorders. |||

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] preliminary evidence suggests that cannabidiol (cbd) may be effective in the treatment of neurodegenerative disorders; however, cbd has never been evaluated for the treatment of cognitive impairments associated with schizophrenia (cias).

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] this study examined whether cannabis use quantity and frequency predicted cud symptom counts, progression to onset of cud, and persistence of cud.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] higher frequency of cannabis use also predicted higher likelihood of progression to onset of cud and persistence of cud.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] higher frequency of cannabis use predicted lower likelihood of being symptom-free but it did not predict the severity of cud symptomatology.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] overall, cbd was well tolerated with no worsening of mood, suicidality, or movement side effects.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] validating the utility of cannabis consumption measures for predicting later cannabis related symptomatology or progression to cannabis use disorder (cud) is crucial for prevention and intervention work that may use consumption measures for quick screening.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] cannabis use is prevalent but only a minority of regular users develop cannabis use disorder (cud); thus, cud risk identification among current cannabis users is vital for targeted intervention development.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] at the dose studied, cbd augmentation was not associated with an improvement in mccb or panss scores in stable antipsychotic-treated outpatients with schizophrenia.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] in healthy individuals cannabis is associated with cognitive impairments.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] participants having used cannabis at ≤15 years had better early adolescence social functioning than those who had not used cannabis (p=0.02).

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] cannabis user patients had better attention and executive functions than non-cannabis user patients at baseline and after 1 year of treatment.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] cannabis use quantity, however, did not predict any of the developmental stages of cud symptomatology examined in this study.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] previous studies have mostly shown positive effects of cannabis use on cognition in patients with schizophrenia, which could reflect lower neurocognitive vulnerability.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] among people with psychosis, those with a history of cannabis use show better cognitive performance than those who are cannabis naïve.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] prior cannabis use, compared to nonuse, is reported to be associated with less cognitive impairment in schizophrenia.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] this study compared the cognitive, symptomatic, and side effects of cbd versus placebo in a clinical trial.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate whether course and level of cannabis use negatively impacted early psychosis patient symptom profiles (positive, negative and depressive symptoms) over 24 months.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] cannabis is one of the most widely used illicit drugs in the world.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] the use of cannabis does not seem to be associated with a negative effect on cognition in a representative sample of first-episode schizophrenia patients.

Does CBD or cannabis use protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] the a priori hypothesis tested was that individuals with psychosis and a history of adolescent cannabis use (acu) would have better global neuropsychological performance, as measured by the brief assessment of cognition in schizophrenia (bacs) battery, compared to those with psychosis and no cannabis use history. |||

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] ever use of benzodiazepines was associated with a significantly increased risk of dementia [odds ratio (or) 1.39, 95% confidence interval (ci) 1.21-1.59].

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] purpose: some studies have suggested that the use of benzodiazepines in the elderly is associated with an increased risk of dementia.

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] however, benzodiazepines are known to affect memory and cognition and might thus enhance the risk of dementia.

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] benzodiazepines and anticholinergic drugs have been implicated in causing cognitive decline and potentially increasing dementia risk.

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] benzodiazepine use has been associated with increased risk of dementia.

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] key messages: our results suggest that benzodiazepine use is significantly associated with dementia risk.

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] observational studies have suggested that benzodiazepine use may increase the risk of dementia, however there have been significant concerns regarding protopathic bias in these studies, precluding conclusive findings.

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] conclusion: multi-methodological approaches using different methods, algorithms, and databases suggest that long-term use of benzodiazepines and long-acting benzodiazepines are strongly associated with an increased risk of dementia.

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] users of benzodiazepines at baseline had a 10% increased risk of dementia (adjusted hazard ratio [hr], 1.10; 95% confidence interval, 0.90-1.34).

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] we found no evidence that benzodiazepine or anticholinergic drug use is associated with typical pathological features of alzheimer's disease; however, we cannot rule out effects owing to small numbers.

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] benzodiazepine use was associated with an increased risk of pneumonia among patients with alzheimer disease.

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] the association of any current or former use of short- or long-acting benzodiazepines with incident dementia was analysed.

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] results: benzodiazepine use was found to be associated with dementia in analyses using the faers database (ror: 1.63, 95% ci: 1.61-1.64; ic: 0.66, 95% ci: 0.65-0.67) and the canada vigilance adverse reaction online database (ror: 1.88, 95% ci: 1.83-1.94; ic: 0.85, 95% ci: 0.80-0.89).

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] the objective of this review is to synthesize evidence from observational studies that evaluated the association between benzodiazepines use and dementia risk.

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] odds of dementia were 78% higher in those who used benzodiazepines compared with those who did not use benzodiazepines (or 1.78; 95% ci 1.33-2.38).

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] benzodiazepine use is highly prevalent in elderly and late middle-aged populations and may be associated with an increased risk of dementia.

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] our findings indicate that the association between benzodiazepine use and dementia incidence is not purely an artefact due to protopathic bias.

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] results of this large, prospective study show increased risk of dementia for long half-life benzodiazepine and psychotropic use.

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] higher dose z-drug use in dementia is associated with increased fracture and stroke risks, similar or greater to that for higher dose benzodiazepines.

Do sedatives and sleeping pills such as benzodiazepines and related substances increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia? [SEP] benzodiazepines or related drugs, bzd, antipsychotics, ap, or antidepressants, ad), opioids (op), anticholinergics (ach) or aes or the concomitant use of two of these drugs, and (ii) the risk of precipitous cognitive decline in an older (≥65 years) cognitively disabled population. |||

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] to determine whether supplementation with the long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids eicosapentaenoic (epa) and docosahexaenoic acid (dha) affects behavioral symptoms and cognitive impairments in children 6-12 years of age diagnosed with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd).

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] to investigate effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 pufa) docosahexaenoic acid (dha) and eicosapentaenoic acid (epa) on attention, literacy, and behavior in children with adhd.

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] cognitive effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (ω-3 pufas) might make them helpful in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd).

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] a number of research studies have reported abnormal plasma fatty acid profiles in children with adhd along with some benefit of n-3 to symptoms of adhd.

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] suboptimal omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 pufa) levels may contribute to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd) and related developmental problems.

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] low blood omega-3 lc-pufa have been reported in children with adhd and related behavior/learning difficulties, as have benefits from dietary supplementation.

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] we aimed to investigate the serum fatty acid profile, attention scores and the tolerability in a group of adhd children after receiving methylphenidate (mph) and ω-3 pufas for 1 month.

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] supplementation with the omega-3 fatty acid mix increased epa and dha concentrations in erythrocyte membranes and improved working memory function, but had no effect on other cognitive measures and parent- and teacher-rated behavior in the study population.

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] in children, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (pufas) may elicit a suite of health benefits including enhancement of cognitive development.

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] increasing erythrocyte dha and epa via dietary supplementation may improve behavior, attention, and literacy in children with adhd.

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] therefore, our study suggests that ω-3 pufas may represent a feasible and a safe adjuvant therapy in children with adhd and might enhance the effects of mph.

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] associations between n-3 and omega-6 (n-6) pufa levels in red blood cells (erythrocytes) and learning and behaviour were investigated in 75 children aged 7-12 with adhd.

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] the findings unveil for the first time that cu and anti-social traits in adhd are associated with lower omega-3 levels.

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] however, it is currently unclear whether (lower) long chain-polyunsaturated fatty acids (lc-pufas) are related to adhd pathology or to associated behaviours.

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 pufas) are known to critically influence brain development and functions.

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] findings from epidemiological and observational studies have indicated that diets high in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (pufas) such as docosahexaenoic acid (dha) and eicosapentaenoic acid (epa) may reduce the risk of cognitive decline and alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] these findings require confirmation, but suggest that the benefits from dietary supplementation with omega-3 lc-pufa found for adhd, dyspraxia, dyslexia, and related conditions might extend to the general school population.

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (lc-pufa), especially dha (docosahexaenonic acid) are essential for brain development and physical health.

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] a combination of mph (1 mg/kg/day) and eicosapentaenoic (epa, 70 mg/day) + docosahexaenoic acids (dha, 250 mg/day) was administered to 40 adhd children (7-15 years).

Does taking polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, reduce ADHD symptoms in children? [SEP] callous-unemotional (cu) traits were found to be significantly negatively related to both eicosapentaenoic acid (epa), and total omega-3 in the adhd group. |||

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] vitamin c (50 g/session) was administered twice weekly and quality of life and multidimensional fatigue symptomology questionnaires were undertaken.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] the group which received vitamin c, showed improvement in vas score at the end of second and sixth week of follow up, reduced analgesia requirements and improved functional outcome as compared to the placebo group.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] pharmacologic vitamin c has been used as an alternative treatment for the disease itself but its effects on fatigue have not often been documented.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] the combination of a regular daily supplement of vitamin c with extra dosage at the time of illness has been shown to reduce the disability due to common colds and other winter illness, but we have seen little effect on frequency of infections, sense of (well-being), or levels of serum cholesterol.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] the failure of vitamin c supplementation to reduce the incidence of colds in the general population indicates that routine vitamin c supplementation is not justified, yet vitamin c may be useful for people exposed to brief periods of severe physical exercise.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] these studies do not support a considerable decrease in the incidence of the common cold with supplemental vitamin c. however, vitamin c has consistently decreased the duration of cold episodes and the severity of symptoms.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] the severity of colds was also reduced by regular vitamin c administration.seven comparisons examined the effect of therapeutic vitamin c (3249 episodes).

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] consumption of large doses of vitamin c has been ascribed several beneficial effects e.g.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] placebo-controlled trials have shown that vitamin c supplementation decreases the duration and severity of common cold infections.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] vitamins have been shown to reduce chemotherapy-related fatigue (crf) by conserving energy loss both during and after cancer treatment.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] the effect of vitamin c on the common cold has been the subject of several studies.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] nevertheless, given the consistent effect of vitamin c on the duration and severity of colds in the regular supplementation studies, and the low cost and safety, it may be worthwhile for common cold patients to test on an individual basis whether therapeutic vitamin c is beneficial for them.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] studies have shown that vitamin c, being an anti-oxidant and neuro-modulating agent, can help to reduce pain in a variety of clinical settings.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] the trials analyzed in this work used regular vitamin c supplementation, but it is conceivable that therapeutic supplementation starting early at the onset of the cold episode could produce comparable benefits.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] this study aimed to investigate the combined effect of vitamin c and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 pufa) on fatigue following cabg surgery.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] current evidence does not support supplementing critically ill patients with vitamin c. a moderately large treatment effect may exist, but further studies, particularly of monotherapy administration, are warranted.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] five trials involving a total of 598 marathon runners, skiers and soldiers on subarctic exercises yielded a pooled rr of 0.48 (95% ci 0.35 to 0.64).thirty-one comparisons examined the effect of regular vitamin c on common cold duration (9745 episodes).

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] conclusion combination of vitamin c and n-3 pufa effectively reduces post-operative fatigue among patients who undergo cabg surgery.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] in children, 1 to 2 g/day vitamin c shortened colds by 18%.

Do infusions of vitamin C relieve symptoms of chronic fatigue or long covid? [SEP] vitamin c, an enzyme cofactor and antioxidant, could hasten the resolution of inflammation, oxidative stress, and microvascular dysfunction. |||

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] probiotics may offer a safe intervention in acute infectious diarrhoea to reduce the duration and severity of the illness.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] evidence suggests that probiotics can reduce diarrhoea duration.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] probiotics may be of benefit in treating acute infectious diarrhea and reducing antibiotic-associated diarrhea.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] this review focuses on new research findings relevant to the effects of probiotics on diarrhea prevention and treatment and potential mechanisms of action for this alternative therapy for diarrhea.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] probiotics reduced the risk of diarrhoea at 3 days (relative risk 0.66, 95% confidence interval 0.55 to 0.77, random effects model; 15 studies) and the mean duration of diarrhoea by 30.48 hours (95% confidence interval 18.51 to 42.46 hours, random effects model, 12 studies).

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] growing evidence suggests that probiotics may serve as a functional food in the treatment of diarrhea.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] probiotic bacteria have well-established beneficial effects in the management of diarrhoeal diseases.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] there is some clinical evidence suggesting a possible role for probiotics in the prophylaxis of infectious diarrhoea in some circumstances, but there is little evidence of a beneficial effect in the treatment of established diarrhoea, except in cases of relapsing c. difficile infection.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] some studies indicate that the risk of antibiotic-associated diarrhea can be reduced by administration of certain probiotic microorganisms.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] to assess the effects of probiotics in proven or presumed infectious diarrhoea.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] beneficial effects of probiotics in acute infectious diarrhoea in children are mainly seen in watery diarrhoea and viral gastroenteritis.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] probiotics appear to be a useful adjunct to rehydration therapy in treating acute, infectious diarrhoea in adults and children.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] therefore, probiotics, as beneficial microorganisms for host health, have attracted clinical attention for their potential therapeutic application in the treatment of diarrhea.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] clinical trials suggest potential beneficial effects of probiotic therapy for preventing and treating antibiotic-associated diarrhea, acute diarrhea including rotavirus-induced diarrhea, traveler's diarrhea, and diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] probiotics have been suggested to be of use in many diarrhoeal disorders, particularly in the prophylaxis and treatment of infectious diarrhoea.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] numerous probiotic agents have been studied for the management of diarrheal disease.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] to evaluate the evidence for probiotic use in the prevention and treatment of antibiotic-associated diarrhea (aad).

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] several studies have shown that probiotics are of benefit in gastrointestinal infections, including viral diarrhea, clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea, traveler's diarrhea, and antibiotic-associated diarrhea.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] the role of probiotics in treating or preventing diarrheal diseases is well known.

Does taking probiotics shorten the duration of acute infectious diarrhea? [SEP] a clinical trial conducted by our group demonstrated that cdi patients undergoing adjunctive treatment with lactobacillus and bifidobacterium probiotics had a reduction in diarrheal duration and compositional changes in their stool microbiomes. |||

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] a protective association between higher vitamin d levels and the onset of multiple sclerosis (ms) has been demonstrated; however, its role in modulating ms clinical course has been little studied.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] there is increasing evidence that vitamin d can be protective against the development of multiple sclerosis (ms), but it may also be beneficial for the clinical course of the disease.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] the association of vitamin d deficiency with higher prevalence, relapse rate and progression of multiple sclerosis (ms) has stimulated great interest in using vitamin d supplementation as a preventative measure and even a therapy for established ms.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] our finding that higher vitamin d levels are associated with decreased exacerbation risk in relapsing-remitting ms suggests a beneficial effect of vitamin d on disease course in ms.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] here, we review the current understanding of the molecular effects of vitamin d beyond calcium homeostasis, the potential beneficial action in ms and hazards including complications of chronic and high-dose therapy.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] vitamin d has been related to the prevention of ms and to modulating its course.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] vitamin d sufficiency has been associated with lower risk of multiple sclerosis and may also have a favorable effect on the course of the disease.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] low vitamin d status has been associated with multiple sclerosis (ms) prevalence and risk, but the therapeutic potential of vitamin d in established ms has not been explored.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] vitamin d deficiency is a proposed risk factor for multiple sclerosis (ms), but its role in progressive ms is not well understood.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] vitamin d deficiency increases the risk of developing multiple sclerosis (ms) but it is unclear whether vitamin d supplementation improves the clinical course of ms, and there is uncertainty about the dose and form of vitamin d (d2 or d3) to be used.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] this trial provides class ii evidence that high-dose vitamin d use for 52 weeks in patients with multiple sclerosis does not significantly increase serum calcium levels when compared to patients not on high-dose supplementation.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] observational studies have suggested that vitamin d may reduce inflammation in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (rrms), but this has not been clearly confirmed in randomized controlled trials.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] a poor vitamin d status has been associated with a high disease activity of multiple sclerosis (ms).

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] high-dose vitamin d (approximately 10,000 iu/day) in multiple sclerosis is safe, with evidence of immunomodulatory effects.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] recent studies have shown the safety of high-dose vitamin d in ms.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] this has raised interest in potential clinical benefits of vitamin d supplementation in the management of ms.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] this study compared the effects of high-dose vitamin d on interleukin 10 (il-10) levels in ms patients in a double-blind, randomized clinical trial.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] our aim was to assess the tolerability of high-dose oral vitamin d and its impact on biochemical, immunologic, and clinical outcomes in patients with ms prospectively.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] the aim of this paper is to address whether and how vitamin d should be monitored in patients with ms. possible benefits of vitamin d supplementation were assessed from observational, experimental and clinical studies.

Does high-dose vitamin D slow down the course of disease in multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] the aim of this work was to identify predictors of serum 25-hydroxy vitamin d (25[oh]d) levels in persons with multiple sclerosis (ms) and to assess the effect of high-dose vitamin d(3) supplementation on vitamin d status. |||

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] when used appropriately, immunization can effectively prevent many infections and diseases.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] these results indicate that probiotics are a good candidate to stimulate responses to vaccines and thus, according to efsa, enhance the function of the immune system related to defense against infection.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] immune responses to vaccination can be enhanced by inclusion of adjuvant in a vaccine.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] effective anti-infectious vaccines should elicit protective th1 responses, cytotoxic cd8+ cells and antibody-forming cells.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] these data show that il-33 is a promising immunoadjuvant at improving t cell immunity in a vaccine setting and suggest further development and understanding of this molecular adjuvant for strategies against many obstinate infectious diseases and cancer.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] after two immunizations with vaccine formulated with porb/ova, antigen-specific cd4 and cd8 t cells were significantly increased in numbers and produced il-4 or ifn-γ upon ex vivo antigen re-stimulation.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] adjuvants improve host responsiveness to co-delivered vaccines through a variety of mechanisms.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] vaccines have long been used to boost the immune system and to confer protection against microbial infections.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] vaccines that can rapidly induce strong and robust antibody-mediated immunity could improve protection from certain infectious diseases for which current vaccine formulations are inefficient.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] vaccination is the administration of antigenic material to stimulate the immune system to develop adaptive immunity to a disease.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] thus, detoxified lipopolysaccaride (mpl-a), cpg oligonucleotides, imidazoquinolines and adenine derivatives acting via innate sensors may represent improvements in therapeutic vaccinations for allergy as able to interfere with pathogenic th2 cells with eventual induction of th1 differentiation.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] the european food safety authority (efsa) has indicated that stimulation of protective antibody titers from vaccination could be used to substantiate a supplement or food health claim on the function of the immune system related to defense against pathogens in healthy individuals.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] vaccines can prevent or reduce morbidity from a vast number of infections.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] as the most successful prophylactic in medical history, there is now an emerging interest as to whether vaccination can be applied in autoimmune and inflammatory conditions.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] adjuvants can be used to enhance the magnitude and affect the type of the antigen-specific immune response, and the combination of antigens with more than one adjuvant, the so called adjuvant system approach, has been shown to allow the development of vaccines with the ability to generate effective immune responses adapted to both the pathogen and the target population.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] many probiotics exert anti-inflammatory influence on the immune system and induce t-regs.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] toll-like receptor (tlr) agonists are frequently studied for their role as vaccine adjuvants, largely because of their ability to enhance initiation of immune responses to antigens by activating dendritic cells.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] there is an unmet clinical need for vaccine adjuvants that induce t cells responses to potentially enhance protection against malignancies and intracellular pathogens, where a humoral response, alone, may not be adequate for protection.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] when administered in combination with vaccines designed to prevent or slow tumor growth, tlr agonists have significantly improved the generation of cytotoxic t lymphocytes.

Does taking taiga root extract strengthen the immune system? Can it make vaccinations more effective or tolerable? [SEP] these are diseases of failed immune regulation; vaccination in this context aims to exploit the power of antigenic material to stimulate immune homeostasis in the form of active, adaptive, regulatory immune responses. |||

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] ozone major autohemotherapy (the return of a small amount of a patient's blood to the circulation after ex vivo exposure to ozone) has been reported to have a therapeutic effect in various pathological conditions, including ischemic, infectious, autoimmune and neoplastic disorders.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] to evaluate the susceptibilities of human blood constituents to the low levels of ozone used in ozonated autohemotherapy (40 microgo3/ml), we quantified plasma antioxidants and erythrocyte constituents after rapid mixing of human whole blood with ozone at 20, 40, 60, and 100 microg/ml blood.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] venous blood samples, obtained from three healthy humans, were treated with different concentrations of ozone (30, 50, 70 and 80 µg/ml) for three weeks in vitro.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] the purpose of the present study was to investigate the effect of ozone administration ex vivo, at a concentration commonly used in major autohemotherapy, on peripheral blood neutrophil function in vitro.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] because ozone therapy can activate the antioxidant system and improve blood circulation and oxygen delivery to tissue, the aim of this study was to investigate the therapeutic efficacy of ozone in patients with cad, treated with antithrombotic therapy, aspirin and policosanol.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] our results demonstrate that although 10μg/ml ozone has no effect on hemorheology, 50μg/ml ozone concentration has positive effects on rbc deformability, thus circulation at 0.53 pa corresponding to the shear stress encountered during venous circulation.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] ozone treatment significantly (p<0.001) improved prothrombin time when compared to the antithrombotic therapy only group, without modifying bleeding time.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] ozone therapy - i.e.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] the aim of this study is to investigate the effect of major ozone autohemotherapy on erythrocyte deformability and aggregation.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] seven subjects were recruited for the therapy that was performed by transfusing ozone-enriched autologous blood on 3 alternate days over 1 week.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] except that, the possibility of using ozone to sterilize blood supplies is under promising investigation.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] we are proposing to evaluate whether a complementary approach based on cycles of oxygen-ozone autohemotherapy (o3-aht) already performed in millions of patients, can abate the chronic oxidative stress and improve the quality of life of serious hemoglobinopathic patients.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] 50μg/ml ozone increased red blood cell (rbc) deformability measured at 0.53 pa.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] autohaemotherapy, involving bland treatment ex vivo of blood with ozone and prompt reinfusion into the donor, is a procedure mainly performed in central europe, which is claimed to have therapeutic value in circulatory disorders, viral diseases and cancer.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] ozone is used intensively worldwide in treatment and research of various pathologies due to its healing effects.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] treatment with low-dose ozone is successfully exploited as an adjuvant therapy in the treatment of several disorders.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] these results show that medical ozone treatment could be a complementary therapy in the treatment of cad and its complications.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] 10 and 50μg/ml doses of ozone was applied for 20 minute to venous blood samples obtained from 10 healthy male volunteers.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to assess the effect of ozone on the rheological and electrical properties of stored human blood.

Can ozone therapy, in which autologous blood is treated with ozone and recycled, favorably influence the course of COVID-19 disease? [SEP] to determine whether ozone therapy could acutely modify artery vasodilatory capacity, a flow-mediated dilation test was performed at the brachial artery level before and after an ozonized autohemotransfusion in 16 patients with pad, mean (± sd) age 55±1.8 years, and 14 healthy volunteers matched for age, sex and body mass index. |||

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] in the dimenhydrinate group, more patients remained completely free from post-operative nausea and vomiting compared with placebo (dimenhydrinate: 38.8%; placebo: 15.1%; p = 0.004).

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] intra-operative dimenhydrinate, followed by three further administrations after surgery, reduces the incidence and the severity of post-operative nausea and vomiting without side effects.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] thus, dimenhydrinate was compared with placebo in this prospective, randomized, double-blind study.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] medical use of dim is for prevention of nausea and motion sickness.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] to compare zaldaride maleate, a calmodulin inhibitor with gastrointestinal antisecretory properties, with loperamide and a placebo in the treatment of travellers' diarrhoea.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] diclectin use resulted in a significantly larger improvement in symptoms of nausea and vomiting of pregnancy compared with placebo based on both the pregnancy unique quantification of emesis score (-4.8 ± 2.7 vs -3.9 ± 2.6; p = .006) and quality of life.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] nausea and vomiting were graded according to intensity at 1, 2, 4, 6, 12 and 24 h. nausea or vomiting occurred in 14 patients (35%) in the placebo group, 4 (10%) in the ondansetron group and 10 (25%) in the droperidol group; the difference between ondansetron and placebo was statistically significant (p = 0.007).

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] dimenhydrinate is an inexpensive antihistaminic drug, that is frequently used as an anti-emetic during anaesthesia.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] three of the 14 placebo patients (7.5%) were nauseous, compared with 4 (10%) receiving ondansetron and 5 (12.5%) receiving droperidol.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] dimenhydrinate is a traditional and inexpensive antiemetic with an efficacy that might be considered as clinically relevant.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] to evaluate the effectiveness of diclectin (doxylamine succinate 10 mg-pyridoxine hydrochloride 10 mg, delayed-release preparation) as compared with placebo for nausea and vomiting of pregnancy.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] dimenhydrinate (dim) is an over-the-counter antihistamine consisting of diphenhydramine (dip) and 8-chlorotheophylline (ctp).

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] however, so far the quantitative effect of dimenhydrinate in the prophylaxis of postoperative nausea and vomiting (ponv) has not been evaluated systematically.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] complete protection from nausea during the first 24 hours was achieved in 80% by the metoclopramide cocktail and in 50% by the dixyrazine combination.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] diclectin delayed release formulation of doxylamine succinate and pyridoxine hydrochloride is effective and well tolerated in treating nausea and vomiting of pregnancy.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] evaluated according to a nine-symptom rating scale, in eighteen dyspeptic patients, proved significantly more effective than placebo.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] in all, 18 trials with 3045 patients were included in the analysis: 1658 patients received a placebo (control) and 1387 patients received dimenhydrinate.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] eleven of the 14 placebo patients (27.5%) vomited, compared with none of the 4 ondansetron patients (vs. placebo, p = 0.0004) and 5 of the droperidol patients (vs. placebo, p = 0.18).

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] a double-blind, randomized, crossover study was conducted to compare the efficacy and safety of high-dose dexamethasone (protocol d) with a combination of dexamethasone, metoclopramide and diphenhydramine (protocol dmd) in the management of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting in cancer patients.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea better than a placebo? [SEP] we sought to determine the relative efficacy of diphenhydramine compared to saline placebo and lidocaine. |||

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] comparison with placebo indicated that transdermal scopolamine provided protection against motion sickness at a significance level of p = 0.0001 and oral dimenhydrinate at a level of p = 0.05.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] efficacy of transdermal scopolamine was compared with oral dimenhydrinate and placebo.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] intra-operative dimenhydrinate, followed by three further administrations after surgery, reduces the incidence and the severity of post-operative nausea and vomiting without side effects.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] in the dimenhydrinate group, more patients remained completely free from post-operative nausea and vomiting compared with placebo (dimenhydrinate: 38.8%; placebo: 15.1%; p = 0.004).

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] dimenhydrinate is an inexpensive antihistaminic drug, that is frequently used as an anti-emetic during anaesthesia.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] medical use of dim is for prevention of nausea and motion sickness.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] dimenhydrinate (dim) is an over-the-counter antihistamine consisting of diphenhydramine (dip) and 8-chlorotheophylline (ctp).

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] scopolamine can be used before travel to prevent this illness.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] studies were conducted to evaluate the efficacy of scopolamine, absorbed through intact skin, in preventing motion sickness at sea.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] dimenhydrinate is a traditional and inexpensive antiemetic with an efficacy that might be considered as clinically relevant.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] thus, dimenhydrinate was compared with placebo in this prospective, randomized, double-blind study.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] although diphenhydramine is frequently used to treat pruritus and nausea in patients who have received neuraxial opioids, there are no data regarding its effect on ventilatory control.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] however, so far the quantitative effect of dimenhydrinate in the prophylaxis of postoperative nausea and vomiting (ponv) has not been evaluated systematically.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] dimenhydrinate or placebo was given 1.5 hr before motion and again 2.5 hr after motion began.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] aprepitant can be effective in the treatment of refractory dhe-induced nausea and emesis.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] diphenhydramine and its theoclate salt dimenhydrinate are traditional antiemetics still in use.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] although diphenhydramine hydrochloride is known to eliminate or reduce the symptoms of dystonia in human patients with acute dystonic reactions and idiopathic torsion dystonia, its mechanism of action is still unclear.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] the modulatory effect of diphenhydramine on pvn neuron activity may explain in part this drug's efficacy in treating motion sickness.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] diphenhydramine is an antihistamine with previously demonstrated analgesic and antiemetic properties.

Does dimenhydrinate relieve travel nausea as well as the proven drug scopolamine??? [SEP] results from randomized controlled trials investigating the efficacy of dimenhydrinate vs. a control to prevent ponv were included in a meta-analysis. |||

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] preclinical data and a small number of clinical studies suggest that repeated short-term fasting may reduce the side effects of chemotherapy, enhance quality of life, and eventually slow down tumor progression.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] this review suggests the potential benefits of fasting in combination with chemotherapy to reduce tumor progression and increase the effectiveness of chemotherapy.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] evidence suggests that fasting exerts extensive antitumor effects in various cancers, including colorectal cancer (crc).

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] (1) background: the present review provides a comprehensive and up-to date overview of the potential exploitation of fasting as an anticancer strategy.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] cancer cells, unlike normal cells, respond to fasting by promoting oncogenic signaling and protein synthesis.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] this study is the first confirmatory, randomized controlled, clinical study, comparing the effects of short-term fasting to a short-term, plant-based, low-sugar diet during chemotherapy on quality of life and histological tumor remission.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] research reported in this issue of science translational medicine illustrates the benefits of short-term food withdrawal (fasting) in the treatment of cancer.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] short-term fasting (48 hours) was shown to be effective in protecting normal cells and mice but not cancer cells against high dose chemotherapy, termed differential stress resistance (dsr), but the feasibility and effect of fasting in cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy is unknown.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] we sought to investigate the feasibility and effect of short-term fasting in patients receiving chemotherapy for gynecologic malignancy.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] fasting in disease prevention and treatment has recently become a popular topic, particularly in the context of oncology.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] fasting potentially improves the response of tumor cells to chemotherapy by (1) repairing dna damage in normal tissues (but not tumor cells); (2) upregulating autophagy flux as a protection against damage to organelles and some cancer cells; (3) altering apoptosis and increasing tumor cells' sensitivity to the apoptotic stimuli, and preventing apoptosis-mediated damage to normal cells; (4) depleting regulatory t cells and improving the stimulation of cd8 cells; and (5) accumulating unfolded proteins and protecting cancer cells from immune surveillance.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] fasting diet in cancer treatment has become an important topic since raffaghello et al.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] (3) results: there is ample nonclinical evidence indicating that fasting can mitigate the toxicity of chemotherapy and/or increase the efficacy of chemotherapy.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] short-term nutritional restriction (fasting) has been shown to enhance the efficacy of chemotherapy by sensitizing cancer cells and protecting normal cells in a variety of cancer models, including glioblastoma (gbm).

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] fasting may also sensitize cancer cells to chemotherapy.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] we investigate the effect of fasting on glucose metabolism and malignancy in crc.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] the six patients who underwent chemotherapy with or without fasting reported a reduction in fatigue, weakness, and gastrointestinal side effects while fasting.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] it is further suggested that fasting may similarly augment the efficacy of oncolytic viral therapy.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] this pilot trial aimed to investigate whether modified short-term fasting (mstf) reduces the incidence of chemotherapy-induced toxicities and whether an initial ketogenic diet (kd) as fasting supportive diet reduces fasting-related discomfort and improves the compliance.

Does short-term fasting improve quality of life in cancer? [SEP] however, there is a lack of data from larger randomized trials on the effects of short-term fasting on quality of life, reduction of side effects during chemotherapy, and a possible reduction of tumor progression. |||

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] according to a series of studies, fasting results in overall reduction in chemotherapy side effects in cancer patients.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] this review suggests the potential benefits of fasting in combination with chemotherapy to reduce tumor progression and increase the effectiveness of chemotherapy.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] preclinical evidence shows that short-term fasting (stf) protects healthy cells against side effects of chemotherapy and makes cancer cells more vulnerable to it.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] preclinical data and a small number of clinical studies suggest that repeated short-term fasting may reduce the side effects of chemotherapy, enhance quality of life, and eventually slow down tumor progression.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] we sought to investigate the feasibility and effect of short-term fasting in patients receiving chemotherapy for gynecologic malignancy.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] fasting may also sensitize cancer cells to chemotherapy.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] short-term fasting (48 hours) was shown to be effective in protecting normal cells and mice but not cancer cells against high dose chemotherapy, termed differential stress resistance (dsr), but the feasibility and effect of fasting in cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy is unknown.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] in a recent article, 10 patients who fasted in combination with chemotherapy, reported that fasting was not only feasible and safe but caused a reduction in a wide range of side effects accompanied by an apparently normal and possibly augmented chemotherapy efficacy.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] the six patients who underwent chemotherapy with or without fasting reported a reduction in fatigue, weakness, and gastrointestinal side effects while fasting.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] studies suggest that fasting before or during chemotherapy may induce differential stress resistance, reducing the adverse effects of chemotherapy and enhancing the efficacy of drugs.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] preclinical studies suggest that fasting prior to chemotherapy may be an effective strategy to protect patients against the adverse effects of chemo-toxicity.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] fasting was previously shown to differentially sensitize tumors to chemotherapy while protecting normal cells, including hematopoietic stem and immune cells, from its toxic side effects.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] fasting patients maintaining a water-only fast for 24 h before and 24 h following each chemotherapy cycle were compared to nonfasting patients.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] fasting diet in cancer treatment has become an important topic since raffaghello et al.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] patients' primary motivation to fast was to lower the side effects of chemotherapy.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] it is further suggested that fasting may similarly augment the efficacy of oncolytic viral therapy.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] this study is the first confirmatory, randomized controlled, clinical study, comparing the effects of short-term fasting to a short-term, plant-based, low-sugar diet during chemotherapy on quality of life and histological tumor remission.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] this pilot trial aimed to investigate whether modified short-term fasting (mstf) reduces the incidence of chemotherapy-induced toxicities and whether an initial ketogenic diet (kd) as fasting supportive diet reduces fasting-related discomfort and improves the compliance.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] patients' primary motivation to fast was to lower the negative side effects of chemotherapy.

Does short-term fasting reduce the side effects of chemotherapy for cancer??? [SEP] fasting potentially improves the response of tumor cells to chemotherapy by (1) repairing dna damage in normal tissues (but not tumor cells); (2) upregulating autophagy flux as a protection against damage to organelles and some cancer cells; (3) altering apoptosis and increasing tumor cells' sensitivity to the apoptotic stimuli, and preventing apoptosis-mediated damage to normal cells; (4) depleting regulatory t cells and improving the stimulation of cd8 cells; and (5) accumulating unfolded proteins and protecting cancer cells from immune surveillance. |||

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] artemisinin, a sesquiterpene lactone endoperoxide isolated from the medicinal plant artemisia annua l., is a choice and effective drug for malaria treatment.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] currently, the most effective antimalarial is artemisinin, which is extracted from the leaves of medicinal herb artemisia annua l. (a. annua).

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] recent studies reported that artemisinin is efficacious for curing diseases, including cancers, and for improving the immune system.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] artemisinin is a herb derived from artemesia annua (also known as sweet wormwood) and is known for its use as effective antimalarial pharmacotherapy.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] artemisinin is a substance extracted from the chinese plant artemisia annua l. widely used in natural medicine for the treatment of various diseases.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] the antimalarial drug artemisinin is a natural product produced by the plant artemisia annua.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] the medicinal plant artemisia annua l. is well known for its antimalarial compound artemisinin and the antioxidant capacity of its active ingredients.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] artemisinin is a sesquiterpene lactone endoperoxide and an important antimalarial drug produced in artemisia annua.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] these findings imply that specific components in a. annua might offer a possibility to develop new artemisinin-based natural combination therapy for malaria treatment.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] following the re-discovery of a. annua extract as an effective antimalarial, and the isolation and structural elucidation of artemisinin as the active agent, it was recommended as the first-line treatment for uncomplicated malaria in combination with another effective antimalarial drug (artemisinin combination therapy) by the world health organization (who) in 2002.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] this study showed that the levels of artemisinin in as were comparable with those in other species including a. annua, and that the extract of this plant can reduce coccidial infection in broiler chickens.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] as a traditional chinese herb, artemisia annua is a major source of artemisinin, an antimalarial drug.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] new active ingredients of artemisia annua extract with potential anticancer activity have been identified.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] in addition to anti-malarial effects, anti-cancer, anti-viral, and anti-inflammatory activities have been reported for artemisinin derivatives.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] artemisinin (art) is a sesquiterpene lactone isolated from artemesia annua l., and well-known for the antimalarial treatment.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] although artemisinin is a major bioactive component present in this chinese herb, leaf flavonoids have shown a variety of biological activities.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] artesunate is an artemisinin derivative from artemisia annua and is being applied as a first-line drug for malaria treatment.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] an extract of an artemisinin-deficient artemisia annua herbal preparation exhibits potent anticancer activity against triple negative human breast cancer.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] it was also observed that only artemisinin induced a statistically significant increase (p < 0.05) in the number of lymphocytes with death by necrosis 48 h after treatment.

Are extracts of Artemisa annua (annual mugwort) or the active ingredient artemisinin obtained from it effective against coronavirus? [SEP] treatment of experimentally infected chickens with as extracts showed that artemisinin was able to reduce the severity of coccidial infection induced by eimeria tenella and e. acervulina, but not e. maxima. |||

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] currently, indirect evidence suggests zinc may potentially reduce the risk, duration and severity of sars-cov-2 infections, particularly for populations at risk of zinc deficiency including people with chronic disease co-morbidities and older adults.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] this study provides the first in vivo evidence that zinc sulphate may play a role in therapeutic management for covid-19.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] zinc is a trace element with potent immunoregulatory and antiviral properties, and is utilized in the treatment of coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19).

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] several lines of evidence support a link between the essential element zinc and the coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19).

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] the aim of this study was to determine the clinical significance of serum zinc in covid-19 patients and to establish a correlation with disease severity.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] through several mechanisms zinc may prevent, reduce severity and duration of symptoms.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] as a result of in vitro evidence suggesting zinc sulphate may be efficacious against covid-19, our hospitals began using zinc sulphate as add-on therapy to hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin.aim.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] covid-19 patients with zinc deficiency were compared to those with normal zinc levels.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] thereby, we aim to discuss the rationale for targeting zinc metalloenzymes as a new strategy for the treatment of covid-19.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] moreover, clinical trials on the use of zinc alone or in addition to other drugs in the prophylaxis/treatment of covid-19 are ongoing.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] direct evidence to determine if zinc is effective for either prevention or treatment of sars-cov-2 is pending.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] because most severely ill patients with covid-19 in our hospital showed zinc deficiency, we aimed to examine the relationship between the patient's serum zinc level and severe cases of covid-19.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] more randomized studies are needed to evaluate the value of adding zinc to other therapies for covid 19.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] results of this study show that zinc can prevent some of the toxic effects of nickel and that the mechanism of this action does not appear to involve either metallothionein or alterations in the pharmacokinetics of nickel.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] covid-19 patients (n = 47) showed significantly lower zinc levels when compared to healthy controls (n = 45): median 74.5 (interquartile range 53.4-94.6) μg/dl vs 105.8 (interquartile range 95.65-120.90) μg/dl (p < 0.001).

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] zinc pretreatment is known to ameliorate the acute and chronic effects of the toxic heavy metal, cadmium.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] zinc pretreatment significantly increased the 14-day survival of nickel-related rats.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] however, we do not know the clinical significance of serum zinc levels in covid-19 patients.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] this was a prospective study of fasting zinc levels in covid-19 patients at the time of hospitalization.

Can zinc mitigate the progression of Covid-19? [SEP] the study data clearly show that a significant number of covid-19 patients were zinc deficient. |||

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] currently, indirect evidence suggests zinc may potentially reduce the risk, duration and severity of sars-cov-2 infections, particularly for populations at risk of zinc deficiency including people with chronic disease co-morbidities and older adults.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] zinc is a trace element with potent immunoregulatory and antiviral properties, and is utilized in the treatment of coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19).

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] this study provides the first in vivo evidence that zinc sulphate may play a role in therapeutic management for covid-19.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] the aim of this study was to determine the clinical significance of serum zinc in covid-19 patients and to establish a correlation with disease severity.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] through several mechanisms zinc may prevent, reduce severity and duration of symptoms.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] as a result of in vitro evidence suggesting zinc sulphate may be efficacious against covid-19, our hospitals began using zinc sulphate as add-on therapy to hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin.aim.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] covid-19 patients with zinc deficiency were compared to those with normal zinc levels.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] direct evidence to determine if zinc is effective for either prevention or treatment of sars-cov-2 is pending.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] zinc supplement has long been considered as potential strategy for prevention of escc.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] the study data clearly show that a significant number of covid-19 patients were zinc deficient.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] because of their potential to influence immune response, ascorbic acid (vitamin c), zinc, vitamin d, and n-acetylcysteine have been hypothesized to be useful for prevention or treatment of covid-19.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] however, we do not know the clinical significance of serum zinc levels in covid-19 patients.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] subclinical deficiency of zinc is associated with impairment of immune system function, growth, and cognitive development in children.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] we propose that suboptimal dietary zinc intake raises circulating pro-atherogenic lipoprotein levels that promote vascular inflammation and enhance arterial plaque formation.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] more randomized studies are needed to evaluate the value of adding zinc to other therapies for covid 19.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] covid-19 patients (n = 47) showed significantly lower zinc levels when compared to healthy controls (n = 45): median 74.5 (interquartile range 53.4-94.6) μg/dl vs 105.8 (interquartile range 95.65-120.90) μg/dl (p < 0.001).

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] this was a prospective study of fasting zinc levels in covid-19 patients at the time of hospitalization.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] zinc has been proposed as a promising chemopreventive candidate against colon cancer.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] amongst the covid-19 patients, 27 (57.4%) were found to be zinc deficient.

Does zinc preventively protect against covid-19 disease??? [SEP] while zinc supplements have been used for cancer prevention, zinc is also a risk factor for cancer development. |||

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] in adults with common cold virus infections, direct local administration of carrageenan with nasal sprays reduced the duration of cold symptoms.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] this study investigated the efficacy of a carrageenan-containing nasal spray on the duration of the common cold and nasal fluid viral load in adult patients.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] cold therapy is used to relieve pain and inflammatory symptoms.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] cold therapy is used to relieve pain and inflammatory symptoms.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] the information may prove useful in planning measures to reduce cold-related adverse health effects.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] iota-carrageenan has previously shown antiviral effectiveness against cold viruses in clinical trials.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] vapocoolant spray, commonly known as cold spray (cs), is a cryotherapy modality used in sports medicine, athletic training, and rehabilitation settings.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] in patients showing a laboratory-confirmed cold virus infection and adherence to the protocol, alleviation of symptoms was 2.1 days faster in the carrageenan group in comparison to placebo (p = 0.037).

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] three found benefits of steam for symptom relief with the common cold (odds ratio (or) 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.31; 0.16 to 0.60; relative risk (rr) 0.56; 95% ci 0.4 to 0.79).

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] available drugs do not modify the course of a viral cold; 2) some drugs used to treat colds carry a risk of serious adverse effects.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] to assess the effects of inhaling heated water vapour (steam), in the treatment of the common cold by comparing symptoms, viral shedding and nasal resistance.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] to assess the effects of inhaling heated water vapour (steam) in the treatment of the common cold by comparing symptoms, viral shedding and nasal resistance.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] to assess the effects of inhaling heated water vapour (steam) in the treatment of the common cold by comparing symptoms, viral shedding and nasal resistance.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 211 patients suffering from early symptoms of the common cold were treated for seven days.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] viral titers in nasal fluids showed a significantly greater decrease in carrageenan patients in the intention-to-treat population (p = 0.024) and in the per protocol population (p = 0.018) between days 1 and 3/4.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] the theoretical basis is that steam may help congested mucus drain better and heat may destroy the cold virus as it does in vitro.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] the theoretical basis is that steam may help congested mucus drain better and heat may destroy the cold virus as it does in vitro.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] desensitization to cold resulted in protection from cold-induced symptoms and lower temperature thresholds in six out of nine patients.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] randomized controlled trials (rcts) using heated water vapor in patients with the common cold or volunteers with experimentally induced common cold.

Does a cold spray with trypsin protect against colds or covid-19? Does the spray reduce symptoms and duration of illness? [SEP] three trials in which patient data could be pooled found benefits of steam for symptom relief for the common cold (odds ratio (or) 0.31; 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.16 to 0.60). |||

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] overall pain score of vaccination in multiple vaccine injection at the same visit might be reduced if subcutaneous vaccine is injected before intramuscular one.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] our data suggest that mva administered by percutaneous inoculation, elicited vaccinia-specific antibody responses, and protected mice from lethal vaccinia virus challenge, at levels comparable to or better than subcutaneous or intramuscular inoculation.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] a safe and efficacious vaccine against severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2), if deployed with high coverage, could contribute to the control of the covid-19 pandemic.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] to develop a less reactogenic but equally immunogenic vaccine, this study of 91 human volunteers compared the safety and immunogenic potency of a new, cell culture-derived vaccinia virus vaccine administered intradermally and intramuscularly with the licensed vaccinia vaccine administered by scarification.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] taken together, our data suggest that mva and mva-vectored vaccines inoculated by scarification can elicit protective immune responses that are comparable to subcutaneous vaccination, and may allow for antigen sparing when vaccine supply is limited.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] although less reactogenic, intradermal or intramuscular administration of vaccinia vaccine without the concomitant development of a cutaneous pox lesion induced lower immune responses.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] but, overall pain score of vaccination was lower when subcutaneous injection of mmr vaccine was given before intramuscular injection of dwpt vaccine.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] an ideal vaccine against mucosal pathogens such as middle east respiratory syndrome coronavirus (mers-cov) should confer sustained, protective immunity at both systemic and mucosal levels.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] this study developed a minimally-invasive microneedle (mn) patch for skin vaccination with virus-like particles containing influenza virus heterologous m2 extracellular (m2e) domains (m2e5x vlps) as a universal vaccine candidate without adjuvants.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] vaccine inoculation via the intramuscular, intradermal or subcutaneous routes requires the use of injection needles, and an estimated 10 to 20% of the population of the united states has needle phobia.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] the measles-mumps-rubella (mmr) vaccine has been theorized to provide protection against coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19).

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] these potential immunological and logistic advantages for skin delivery of m2e5x vlp mn vaccines could offer a promising approach to develop an easy-to-administer universal influenza vaccine.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] in participants who received two standard doses, vaccine efficacy was 62·1% (95% ci 41·0-75·7; 27 [0·6%] of 4440 in the chadox1 ncov-19 group vs71 [1·6%] of 4455 in the control group) and in participants who received a low dose followed by a standard dose, efficacy was 90·0% (67·4-97·0; three [0·2%] of 1367 vs 30 [2·2%] of 1374; pinteraction=0·010).

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] to determine, whether or not intramuscular injection of diphtheria, pertussis and tetanus (dwpt) vaccine should be given first and subcutaneous injection of measles, mumps and rubella (mmr) thereafter or vice versa and can this cause less pain of dwpt vaccine injection.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] traditional smallpox vaccines, essentially vaccinia virus strains, that were used in the eradication of smallpox were administered by percutaneous inoculation (skin scarification).

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] although vaccinia virus (vacv) was used to eradicate smallpox by dermal vaccination, there is little information available about the immune response induced at the vaccination site.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] intradermal skin testing with inactivated vaccinia virus was evaluated for its prediction of residual immunity to smallpox.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] prime and pull vaccination using the t helper 17-inducing adjuvant caf01 administered parenterally and mucosally, respectively, has previously been suggested as a promising strategy to redirect immunity to mucosal tissues.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] here, we evaluated the in vivo systemic and mucosal antigen-specific immune responses induced by a single intramuscular or intragastric administration of recombinant adenoviral type 5 (ad5) or type 41 (ad41) -based vaccines expressing the mers-cov spike (s) protein.

Does injecting low-dose Corona vaccine into the skin (mesotherapy vaccination, microvaccination) protect against Covid-19 as well as proven full-dose vaccination into muscle? [SEP] vaccinia virus (vv) vaccination is used to immunize against smallpox and historically was considered to have been successful if a skin lesion formed at the vaccination site. |||

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] these compounds are found in a licensed native preparation of nasturtium (tropaeoli majoris herba) and horseradish (armoraciae rusticanae radix) which is used for treatment of upper respiratory and urinary tract infections.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] urinary tract infections (uti), acute and chronic, can be effectively treated with herbal medicine.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] this paper will discuss urinary tract infections and botanical therapeutics through a case-study presentation.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] nasturtium officinale r. br.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] herbs can be used preventatively, to aid treatment and to ease the symptoms of urinary tract infections (utis).

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] the use of this homeopathic preparation relieved completely the tn pain.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] this study examined which of the herbal infusions used in treatment and reduction of symptoms of utis have the greatest efficacy, and at which concentration levels (5.85 mg/ml; 0.59 mg/ml; 0.29 mg/ml).

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] the results of the experiments carried out using the microtox test show that both in preventative medicine, as well as in aiding treatment of utis, the biggest benefit is brought by herbal infusions of wild thyme extract and birch leaf (at all concentrations), and also by infusions at higher concentrations (approx.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] materials and methods: chronic non-bacterial prostatitis (cnbp) was induced by injecting 20 μl of 1% carrageenan into the rat prostate.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] (watercress) has long been used in iranian folk medicine to treat hypertension, hyperglycemia, and renal colic.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] to assess ethnomedicinal claims through investigation of antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and gastroprotective effects of f. ulmaria and f. vulgaris lyophilized flower infusions (lfis) as well as the f. vulgaris isolated flavonoids spiraeoside, kaempferol 4'-o-glucoside, astragalin 2'-o-gallate, mixture of hyperoside 2'-o-gallate and isoquercitrin 2'-o-gallate, and a tannin tellimagrandin ii.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] hypericum perforatum may be a promising therapeutic option for tn that deserves to be explored further to solidly support its use in the clinical setting.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] hypericum perforatum (st. john's wort) is an alternative remedy used primarily for depression but also is used for rheumatism, gastroenteritis, headache and neuralgias.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] the choice of herbs, through their herbal actions, along with appropriate therapeutic dosing strategies, will determine the effectiveness of herbal treatment and prevent the need to intervene with antibiotics.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] moreover, anticancer, antioxidant, and hepatoprotective properties of n. officinale have been reported.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] hypericum species have been used as herbal remedies for the therapy of various diseases since ancient times.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] it has been reported that hypericum perforatum is a useful herbal remedy for the treatment of neurological disorders such as coxalgia, menopausal neurosis, headache, hydrophobia, hypersensitivity, mental aliments, neuralgia, paralysis, spastic paralysis, spinal convulsion, spinal irritation, stiff neck, tetanus, etc.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] objective: this study investigates the prostatic protective potential of the flavonoid-rich [(2s)-5,7,5'-trihydroxyflavanone glycosides] fraction from c. acuminatus (fca).

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] the extract of watercress (250, 500 and 750 mg kg(-1)) significantly inhibited carrageenan-induced paw edema 1, 2, 3 and 4 h after carrageenan challenge (p < 0.001).

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish (Kren) prevent recurrent cystitis? [SEP] current study supports documented traditional use of investigated herbs and indicates that flavonoid and tannin components are partially responsible for the demonstrated pharmacological activities. |||

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] these compounds are found in a licensed native preparation of nasturtium (tropaeoli majoris herba) and horseradish (armoraciae rusticanae radix) which is used for treatment of upper respiratory and urinary tract infections.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] these herbal medicines relieve dysmenorrhea symptoms likely though inhibition of cyclooxygenase activity.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] nettle herb is recommended for complaints associated with rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and urinary tract infections.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] we assessed the diuretic effect of two medicinal plants: rosmarinus officinalis l., labiatae, and centaurium erythraea l., gentianaceae, both reputed for the treatment of urinary ailments.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] daily oral administration of the aqueous extracts of r. officinalis and c. erythraea at the dose of 10 ml/kg of 8 or 16% extract in distilled water significantly enhanced diuresis in rats compared to the control group from the fifth day of treatment.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] this study aims to assess the effectiveness of herbal medicines on relieving primary dysmenorrhea in a murine model and to delineate a plausible mechanism.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] the study demonstrates that traditionally used chinese herbal medicines are effective against induced-dysmenorrhea.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] our findings demonstrate a diuretic effect of aqueous extracts of r. officinalis l. and c. erythraea l. with the most effective dose for water and electrolyte excretion being 8% for both plants.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] this study examined which of the herbal infusions used in treatment and reduction of symptoms of utis have the greatest efficacy, and at which concentration levels (5.85 mg/ml; 0.59 mg/ml; 0.29 mg/ml).

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] herbs can be used preventatively, to aid treatment and to ease the symptoms of urinary tract infections (utis).

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] h&e staining showed that treatment with ibuprofen or chinese herbal medicines markedly decreased edema and inflammatory cell infiltration in uterine tissues.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] the aqueous extract of of r. officinalis at the dose of 16% did not significantly affect the excretion of water and electrolytes over a similar period but slight increases in urinary excretion of sodium and chloride on the seventh day and of potassium on the sixth day (p<0.05) were observed.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] the results of the experiments carried out using the microtox test show that both in preventative medicine, as well as in aiding treatment of utis, the biggest benefit is brought by herbal infusions of wild thyme extract and birch leaf (at all concentrations), and also by infusions at higher concentrations (approx.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] hachi-mi-jio-gan extract (harncare; he), a galenical produced from the traditional chinese herbal mixture ba-wei-die-huang-wan, has been reported to improve lower urinary tract symptoms (luts) in patients.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] they also exert anti-inflammatory, anti-viral, and anti-microbial activity.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] in an in vitro enzymatic assay, the chinese herbal medicines showed strong inhibitory activity against cyclooxygenase-2.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] to determine the action of these herbs on urinary volume (uv) and the excretion of sodium (u(na)v), potassium (u(k)v), and chloride (u(cl)v), the aqueous extracts of both plants were administered daily to wistar rats for 1 week.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] materials and methods: chronic non-bacterial prostatitis (cnbp) was induced by injecting 20 μl of 1% carrageenan into the rat prostate.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] the chinese herbal medicines at dosages relevant to recommended uses in humans relieved painful responses, including abdominal wall contraction, pelvic twisting and/or rear limb stretching.

Do herbal remedies with nasturtium and horseradish alleviate the symptoms of cystitis as well as an antibiotic??? [SEP] to investigate whether extracts of hypericum are more effective than placebo and as effective as standard antidepressants in the treatment of depressive disorders in adults; and whether they have have less side effects than standard antidepressant drugs. |||

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] the treatment of cancer patients with mistletoe extract is said to prolong their survival and, above all, improve their quality of life.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] patients report a better quality of life when additionally treated with mistletoe products during chemotherapy.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] mistletoe preparations are frequently used by cancer patients because of their ability to stimulate the immunity and to improve the quality of life.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] although several clinical studies have shown that mistletoe therapy (mt, viscum album) may improve cancer patients' quality-of-life (qol), qualitative information on the improvement's nature is still lacking.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] the aim of this systematic review is to give an extensive overview about the current state of evidence concerning mistletoe therapy of oncologic patients regarding quality of life and side effects of cancer treatments.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] mistletoe extracts are commonly used in cancer patients.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] we studied whether the quality of life of patients with advanced pancreatic cancer could be improved by mistletoe extract.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] in patients with locally advanced or metastatic pancreatic carcinoma, mistletoe treatment significantly improves the quality of life in comparison to best supportive care alone.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] the effects of standardized aqueous mistletoe extracts on health related quality of life (hrqol) of tumor patients needs further evaluation.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] systematic reviews of mistletoe therapy (mt) trials in cancer show promising results in improvement of patients' quality of life during chemotherapy and reduction of fatigue.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] tumor growth inhibition, stimulation of host immune response and improvement of the quality of life are the positive effects of mistletoe therapy described in several preclinical and clinical studies.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] mistletoe (viscum album l.) has been used as complementary anticancer treatment for ~100 years.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] although the clinical efficacy of mistletoe in cancer and associated survival benefits remain contested, several studies point to its effectiveness and others have reported antitumor and immunomodulatory properties.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] european mistletoe (viscum album) has long been used as a complementary and alternative medicine supporting cancer therapy.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] does long-term therapy with mistletoe extracts iscador show any effect on survival and psychosomatic self-regulation of patients with ovarian cancer?

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] of the 16 trials investigating the efficacy of mistletoe extracts for either improving qol, psychological measures, performance index, symptom scales or the reduction of adverse effects of chemotherapy, 14 showed some evidence of a benefit, but only 2 of them including breast cancer patients during chemotherapy were of higher methodological quality.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] mistletoe extracts iscador might have the effect of prolonging overall survival of ovarian cancer patients.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] the benefit of mistletoe in laryngeal cancer treatment requires further investigation, and might be considered in selected patients, as an adjunct or when other conventional therapies have failed.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] european mistletoe (viscum album) has been used in complementary cancer treatment, but little is known concerning its effects on immunological parameters, although there is evidence that viscum may stimulate the immune system.

Does mistletoe therapy help against cancer or can it improve the quality of life of cancer patients? [SEP] with respect to quality of life or reduction of treatment-associated side effects, a thorough review of the literature does not provide any indication to prescribe mistletoe to patients with cancer. |||

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] one option for treating cold symptoms in young children is with homeopathy.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] this study was conducted to determine if a homeopathic syrup was effective in treating cold symptoms in preschool children.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] the homeopathic syrup appeared to be effective in reducing the severity of cold symptoms in the first day after beginning treatment.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] children 2-5 years old diagnosed with an upper respiratory tract infection were randomized to receive a commercial homeopathic cold syrup or placebo.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] this review summarizes recent developments in the supportive treatment of common cold symptoms in children.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] these data suggest that the use of probiotics may have promise for the prevention of common cold illnesses in children.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] despite that cold remedies are not proven to be effective and some safety issues are associated with their use in the pediatric age group, physicians still recommend them.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] frequently used methods of treating the common cold (eg, heated vapor, over-the-counter antihistamines and decongestants) have not been proven objectively to be beneficial in young children.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] although most colds are caused by viruses and do not require medical intervention, many families seek health care for the treatment of colds.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] there is little evidence that the decongestant, antihistamine, or cough suppressant medications commonly used to treat cold symptoms in preschool children are effective.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] our aim was to study the attitude of family physicians and pediatricians toward the use of cold remedies in infants and children.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] there are no studies that convincingly demonstrate the efficacy of any therapy for treatment of common cold symptoms in children less than 6 years of age and it is unlikely studies that establish efficacy can be done.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] recent studies report a significant effect of probiotics on the occurrence of common cold illnesses in children, and studies in animals provide a plausible mechanism of action.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] qualitative systematic review of direct epidemiological evidence (medline 1993-2004) concerning the influence of childhood infections and immunisation on the development of atopy and discussion based on homeopathy.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] the 'hygiene hypothesis' has been used to justify a belief common among homeopaths, that the suppression of childhood infections and immunisation may lead to the development of chronic atopic diseases.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] sixteen percent of family physicians recommended cold remedies for infants 0 to 6 months of age compared to 4% of the pediatricians (p = 0.01).

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] children aged 3-7 years with six or more common cold episodes during the preceding 12 months were randomised to receive either daily inhalation of normal saline in the control group or daily inhalation plus daily hydrotherapy in the experimental group for 12 months.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] targeted educational interventions for families may reduce inappropriate antibiotic-seeking behavior and unnecessary health service utilization for colds.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] this study does not demonstrate any beneficial effect of hydrotherapy on preschool children with frequent common colds.

Can homeopathic remedies prevent colds in children? [SEP] for thousands of years, chinese folk prescriptions for the common cold, as complementary and alternative medicine (cam; bǔ chōng yǔ tì dài yī xué), have been proven to be effective, convenient, cheap, and most importantly, safe. |||

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] one option for treating cold symptoms in young children is with homeopathy.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] this study was conducted to determine if a homeopathic syrup was effective in treating cold symptoms in preschool children.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] home-based remedies for colds in childhood are commonly used.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] homeopathy is frequently used to treat asthma in children.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] homeopathic remedies are a useful alternative to conventional medications in acute uncomplicated upper respiratory tract infections in children, offering earlier symptom resolution, cost-effectiveness, and fewer adverse effects.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] the homeopathic syrup appeared to be effective in reducing the severity of cold symptoms in the first day after beginning treatment.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] the homeopathic complex used in this study exhibited significant anti-inflammatory and pain-relieving qualities in children with acute viral tonsillitis.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] children 2-5 years old diagnosed with an upper respiratory tract infection were randomized to receive a commercial homeopathic cold syrup or placebo.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] to describe the home-based therapies and practices that parents from diverse ethnocultural backgrounds use to treat the common cold in their children.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] this study aimed to determine the efficacy of a homeopathic complex on the symptoms of acute viral tonsillitis in african children in south africa.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] this review summarizes recent developments in the supportive treatment of common cold symptoms in children.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] despite that cold remedies are not proven to be effective and some safety issues are associated with their use in the pediatric age group, physicians still recommend them.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] the care of childhood asthma may prove to benefit from clinical trials in homeopathy.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] frequently used methods of treating the common cold (eg, heated vapor, over-the-counter antihistamines and decongestants) have not been proven objectively to be beneficial in young children.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] our aim was to study the attitude of family physicians and pediatricians toward the use of cold remedies in infants and children.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] in a randomised, double blind, placebo controlled trial the effects of individualised homeopathic remedies were compared with placebo medication in 96 children with mild to moderate asthma as an adjunct to conventional treatment.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] there are no studies that convincingly demonstrate the efficacy of any therapy for treatment of common cold symptoms in children less than 6 years of age and it is unlikely studies that establish efficacy can be done.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] there is little evidence that the decongestant, antihistamine, or cough suppressant medications commonly used to treat cold symptoms in preschool children are effective.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] these data suggest that the use of probiotics may have promise for the prevention of common cold illnesses in children.

Can homeopathic remedies relieve colds in children?? [SEP] this study provides no evidence that adjunctive homeopathic remedies, as prescribed by experienced homeopathic practitioners, are superior to placebo in improving the quality of life of children with mild to moderate asthma in addition to conventional treatment in primary care. |||

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] the combination of uridine, cytidine, and vitamin b12 was safe and effective in the treatment of neuralgias arising from neural compression associated with degenerative orthopedic alterations and trauma.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] this paper reports on the results of treatment of compressive neuralgia using a combination of nucleotides (uridine triphosphate trisodium [utp] and cytidine monophosphate disodium [cmp]) and vitamin b12.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] the pyrimidine nucleoside, uridine, has been proposed as a potential supplement in the treatment of psychosis based on its ability to reduce haloperidol-induced dopamine release.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of corticosteroids for treating chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] because of its combination of low toxicity and efficacy, uridine is a possible candidate for the treatment of epilepsy.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] chemotherapeutic agents, nucleoside analogs, and other medications and toxins have clear causative links with neuropathy, but many agents have only rare temporal associations.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] to assess the safety and efficacy of the combination of nucleotides (utp and cmp) and vitamin b12 in patients presenting with neuralgia arising from neural compression associated with degenerative orthopedic alterations and trauma, and to compare these effects with isolated administration of vitamin b12.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] these experiments investigated the effect of uridine (32 mg/kg, i.p.)

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] administration of two nucleotides, cytosine monophosphate (cmp) and uridine monophosphate (ump), has been prescribed for the treatment of neuromuscular affections in humans.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] there are many disorders of pyrimidine metabolism and those that involve an alteration in uridine metabolism have neurological and systemic effects, which provide insights into the biological activity of uridine and its analogues.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy is an autoimmune peripheral neuropathy and would be expected to benefit from corticosteroids.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] search of the cochrane neuromuscular disease group register for randomised trials of corticosteroids treatment for chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy and enquiry from subject experts.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] these approaches may, in the near future, increase the therapeutic effectiveness not only of fluorouracil and the other fluoropyrimidines but also of other agents which disrupt uridine metabolism such as pala and pyrazofurin.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] thyroid hormones and spermidine, a motor neuron trophic polyamine (pa), have been shown to enhance peripheral motor nerve regeneration; however, the mechanism by which these treatment modalities exert their effect is unknown.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] in this article, the roles for the pyrimidine nucleoside uridine and its nucleotide derivatives in the regulation of a number of biological systems are examined and benefits of further studies are outlined.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] numerous medications and toxins are implicated with neuropathy, but objective proof is lacking for many.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] the concurrent administration of both thyroxine and spermidine did not synergistically enhance motor neuron regeneration.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] dichloroacetate is a promising agent for lactic acidosis-associated disorders, but toxic neuropathy is a treatment-limiting factor.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] uridine itself had no effect on animals' performance, while haloperidol (dose range 0.05-0.4 mg/kg, i.p., 90 min before test session) decreased number of avoidances and increased avoidance and escape latencies in a dose-dependent manner.

Do agents containing uridine and/or cytidine improve the symptoms of polyneuropathy? [SEP] despite improvements in the identification of causes of peripheral neuropathy, idiopathic polyneuropathy remains common. |||

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] therapeutic ultrasound has been used in the treatment of osteoarthritis for the relief of symptom and improvement of functional status.

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] to assess the efficacy of ultrasound therapy (us) for decreasing pain and improving physical function, patient-perception of disease severity, and cartilage repair in people with knee osteoarthritis (oa).

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] recent high-level evidence favours therapeutic ultrasound (us) for reducing pain in people with knee osteoarthritis (oa).

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] in contrast to the previous version of this review, our results suggest that therapeutic ultrasound may be beneficial for patients with osteoarthritis of the knee.

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] [conclusion] therapeutic ultrasound applied in accordance with the parameters used, could be recommended during the treatment of individuals with knee osteoarthritis, because it significantly decreased the intensity of pain after the 5th session, and this reduction was maintained until the end of the intervention.

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] therapeutic ultrasound is one of several physical therapy modalities suggested for the management of pain and loss of function due to osteoarthritis (oa).

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] pain and range of motion appear to improve following ultrasound treatment in acute periarticular inflammatory conditions and osteoarthritis, but not in chronic periarticular inflammatory conditions.

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] in conclusion, addition of therapeutic ultrasound to the traditional physical therapy showed a longitudinal positive effect on pain, functional status, and physical qol in patients with hip osteoarthritis.

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] ultrasound is commonly used to treat knee osteoarthritis (koa), which has unique advantages with regard to relieving pain and inflammation as well as delaying cartilage degeneration, but the underlying mechanisms are less clear.

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] in recent study, we found that ultrasound enhances cartilage repair in experimental early stage osteoarthritis, and prevents deteriorative changes in later stages.

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] increasing studies have illustrated that low-intensity pulsed ultrasound (lipus) has a therapeutic effect in experimental animal models of osteoarthritis (oa).

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] [purpose] the aim was to evaluate the effect of therapeutic ultrasound on the pain, joint mobility, muscle strength, physical function, and quality of life of people with knee oa.

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] the objective of this review was to evaluate the effectiveness of ultrasound therapy in the treatment of musculoskeletal disorders.

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] ultrasound is often used, by rehabilitation specialists, as an adjunct therapy for the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (ra).

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] therapeutic ultrasound is widely used for its potential benefits on both knee pain and function, which may be clinically relevant.

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] ultrasound can relieve synovitis and delay cartilage degradation, and the mechanisms of ultrasound for the treatment of koa may involve inhibition of the expression of vegf in the synovium, sf, and cartilage.

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] the objective of this systematic review was to evaluate the effectiveness of therapeutic ultrasound in the management of patients with knee, shoulder and hip pain.

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] this paper presents a quantitative synthesis of the literature addressing the effectiveness of ultrasound in selected musculoskeletal conditions.

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] to assess the effectiveness of therapeutic ultrasound therapy for treating oa.

Can treatments with ultrasound relieve the pain of osteoarthritis? [SEP] long duration, low intensity therapeutic ultrasound has had promising impact in animal models to slow the progression of the disease and provide joint relief. |||

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] there were some studies reporting that regular, moderate-intensity exercise increases immunity and prevents the common cold.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] in this meta-analysis, regular, moderate-intensity exercise may have an effect on the prevention of the common cold.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] exercise has been shown to improve health generally and may be effective in reducing the occurrence, severity and duration of acute respiratory infections.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] regular moderate exercise is associated with a reduced incidence of infection compared with a completely sedentary state.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] regular moderate exercise has been suggested to exert anti-inflammatory effects and improve immune effector functions, resulting in reduced disease incidence and viral infection susceptibility.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] our study showed that regular exercise resulted in a higher sickness severity score and bacterial (p. aeruginosa) loads in the lungs.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] while intense and exhaustive exercise is considered an important immunosuppressor agent and increases the incidence of upper respiratory tract infections (urti), moderate regular exercise has been associated with significant disease protection and is a complementary treatment of many chronic diseases.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] regular, moderate exercise enhances immune function and attenuates immune disturbances associated with acute exercise (ie, a single bout of vigorous exercise).

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] consistent, moderate-to-vigorous-intensity exercise has been associated with a lower risk of upper respiratory tract infection (uri).

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] epidemiologic data suggest that vigorous exercise may temporarily reduce resistance to viral infection.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] we conducted a meta-analysis to determine the effects of exercise on prevention of the common cold.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] regular moderate exercise reduces the risk of infection compared with a sedentary lifestyle, but very prolonged bouts of exercise and periods of intensified training are associated with increased infection risk.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] the effect of exercise on the prevention of the common cold had a relative risk (rr) of 0.73 (95% confidence interval [ci], 0.56 to 0.95; i(2) = 7%).

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] generally however, your patients can safely exercise with colds-and may even feel better-if some commonsense rules are followed.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] moderate exercise may reduce the risk of upper respiratory tract infections, but intense training can increase that risk.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] although regular moderate exercise has many health benefits, healthy mice showed increased bacterial (p. aeruginosa) load and symptoms, after regular voluntary exercise, with perseverance of the phagocytic capacity of monocytes and neutrophils.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] conclusion: recreational winter exercise at moderately cold temperatures reduces allergic airway inflammation measured as feno, nasal eosinophilic cell count and induces sustainable improvements in allergic symptoms.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] contrary to previous suggestions, moderate physical activity is not associated with lower risk of common cold in middle-aged male smokers.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] to evaluate the effectiveness of exercise for altering the occurrence, severity or duration of acute respiratory infections.

Does regular exercise reduce the severity and duration of colds and other respiratory infections? [SEP] we evaluated whether physical activity at work, or at leisure, is associated with the risk of the common cold, and whether the antioxidants vitamin e and beta-carotene affect common cold risk in physically active people. |||

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] there were some studies reporting that regular, moderate-intensity exercise increases immunity and prevents the common cold.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] in this meta-analysis, regular, moderate-intensity exercise may have an effect on the prevention of the common cold.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] moderate exercise may reduce the risk of upper respiratory tract infections, but intense training can increase that risk.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] regular moderate exercise reduces the risk of infection compared with a sedentary lifestyle, but very prolonged bouts of exercise and periods of intensified training are associated with increased infection risk.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] contrary to previous suggestions, moderate physical activity is not associated with lower risk of common cold in middle-aged male smokers.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] generally however, your patients can safely exercise with colds-and may even feel better-if some commonsense rules are followed.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] the effect of exercise on the prevention of the common cold had a relative risk (rr) of 0.73 (95% confidence interval [ci], 0.56 to 0.95; i(2) = 7%).

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] we conducted a meta-analysis to determine the effects of exercise on prevention of the common cold.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] unusually heavy acute or chronic exercise could increase the risk of upper respiratory tract infection (urti) whereas regular moderate physical activity may reduce urti symptomatology.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] strenuous exercise has been classically associated to immune-suppression and consequently to an increased risk of infections, especially at the upper respiratory tract.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] intense exercise may reduce healthy athletes' immunity or open the door to serious illness in athletes who already have a cold.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] in athletes, a common observation is that symptoms of respiratory infection cluster around competitions, and even minor illnesses such as colds can impair exercise performance.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] we evaluated whether physical activity at work, or at leisure, is associated with the risk of the common cold, and whether the antioxidants vitamin e and beta-carotene affect common cold risk in physically active people.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] cold weather exercise is common in many regions of the world; however, it is unclear whether respiratory function and symptom worsen progressively with colder air temperatures.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] heavy exercise is associated with an increased risk of upper respiratory tract infections.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] strenuous exercise during ongoing infection and fever may be hazardous and should always be avoided.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] it has been previously proposed that antioxidant supplementation might be beneficial for subjects carrying out heavy exercise, but in our study vitamin e and beta-carotene increased the risk of colds in subjects carrying out heavy exercise at leisure.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] conclusion: recreational winter exercise at moderately cold temperatures reduces allergic airway inflammation measured as feno, nasal eosinophilic cell count and induces sustainable improvements in allergic symptoms.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] in subjects carrying out heavy exercise at leisure, vitamin e and beta-carotene increased the risk of colds when compared with placebo.

Can regular exercise prevent you from getting a cold or other respiratory infections??? [SEP] background: physical exercise is often recommended as additional treatment for people suffering from allergic rhinitis and/or asthma, but less is known about the specific effects of recreational winter outdoor exercise on allergic airway inflammation. |||

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] many methods exist to cool the body, but current evidence strongly supports the use of cold water.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] we refute the many criticisms of this treatment and provide scientific evidence supporting cold water immersion for exertional heatstroke.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] preferably, the athlete should be immersed in cold water.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] to present recommendations for the prevention, recognition, and treatment of environmental cold injuries.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] two cold treatments were used.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] colds are a common clinical condition, caused by a variety of pathogens.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] human health and wellbeing require simple and effective strategies for prevention and alleviation of harmful effects of cold exposure.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] a generalised cold treatment was achieved through whole paw water immersion (10 °c for 5 min) and a localised cold treatment that will be potentially easier to translate to human studies was carried out on the mouse paw with a copper cold probe (0.85-cm diameter).

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] if lack of equipment or staff prevents immersion, a continual dousing with cold water provides an effective cooling modality.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] this article reviews the etiology of the cold, proposed cures, symptomatic relief, method of transmission, and advice for patients.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] this review provides an overview of studies that examine repeated cold stress, cold acclimation, and measurements of cognitive performance to determine whether or not cold acclimation provides beneficial protection against cold-induced cognitive performance decrements.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] after exercising at an ambient temperature of 40.0°c for 38.5 ± 9.4 minutes, until t(re) reached 39.5°c, participants were immersed in a 2.0°c circulated water bath until t(re) decreased to either 37.5°c or 38.6°c.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] these recommendations are intended to provide certified athletic trainers and others participating in athletic health care with the specific knowledge and problem-solving skills needed to address environmental cold injuries.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] athletes, occupational workers, and military personnel experience cold temperatures through cold air exposure or cold water immersion, both of which impair cognitive performance.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] twelve participants immersed one hand in ice water for 30 min to evoke civd and the other hand in ice water for 10 min to investigate the rewarming profile.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] the medical screening was harmonized with the assessment practices for cold-related health risks in the workplaces.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] the goal of this section is to decrease the risk of hypothermia, frostbite, and nonfreezing cold injuries as well as to prevent worsening of preexisting conditions in cold environments using a preparticipation screening history, examination, and counseling.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] the goal of this section is to decrease the risk of hypothermia, frostbite, and nonfreezing cold injuries as well as to prevent worsening of preexisting conditions in cold environments using a preparticipation screening history, examination, and counseling.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] to determine whether vitamin d supplementation reduces cold symptom occurrence and severity in adults with mild to moderate asthma and vitamin d insufficiency.

Can cold showers, cold baths or cold water treading according to Kneipp prevent colds and respiratory infections in adults? [SEP] during the recovery period after cold-water immersion, both rectal (f(1,9)  =  50.540, p < .001) and esophageal (f(1,6)  =  20.365, p  =  .007) temperatures remained greater in the 38.6°c trial than in the 37.5°c trial. |||

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] if we accept the validity of the general concept of physiological hormesis as being the phenomenon of achieving health beneficial effects by exposure to mild stress, then hormesis is being applied already and successfully to humans.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] human health and wellbeing require simple and effective strategies for prevention and alleviation of harmful effects of cold exposure.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] an activation of the immune system might contribute to the therapeutic effect of whole body hyperthermia (wbh) in cancer patients.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] heat acclimation (ha) and forced water intake (fwi) have both been found to improve the endurance of human subjects working in hot environments.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] heat acclimation (ha) in humans promotes thermoregulatory adaptations that support management of core temperature in hot environments and reduces the likelihood of heat related illness.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] experimental studies performed on human cells in culture exposed to mild heat shock and other stresses provide biochemical and molecular evidence in support of the application of hormesis to human systems.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] there was a significant effect of heat acclimation on hsp70 induction in humans.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] although clear evidence is still missing, it has been hypothesized that an activation of the immune system might contribute to the therapeutic effect of wbh.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] the maximal wbh effect (about 40% decrease in tumor weight) was achieved by a 2-hour wbh treatment everyday at 40.0 degrees c. by using this treatment schedule, the populations of cd3+/cd4+ t cells and cd3+/cd8+ t cells increased by 4 and 3 times, respectively, at the end of wbh treatment period.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] while infusion of cold normal saline is a simple and inexpensive method for reducing core temperature, human cold-defense mechanisms potentially make this route stressful or ineffective.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] contrary to previous suggestions, moderate physical activity is not associated with lower risk of common cold in middle-aged male smokers.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] whole-body cryotherapy (wbc) is one mode of cold therapy, during which rheumatic patients are exposed to very cold air (-110 degrees c) in minimal clothing.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] whole-body cryotherapy (wbc) involves short exposures to air temperatures below -100°c and is purported to enhance recovery after exercise and accelerate rehabilitation after injury.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] this requires careful examination of relevant assessment criteria, as well as the development of simple and efficient strategies for prevention of cold stress.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] the hypothesis of the present study was that cold water would improve thermoregulation and performance as measured by bench repetitions to fatigue, broad jump for force and power and total time to exhaustion for cardiovascular fitness forty-five, physically fit, adult males (30.28 ± 5.4 yr, 1.77 ± 7.8 m, 83.46 ± 11.5 kg; 13.7 ± 4.8 %bf; 49.8 ± 6.3 ml/kg/min v02) completed two 60-minute exercise sessions.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] the ingestion of cold improved performance for 49% and 51% of the participants in the broad jump and tte performance tests respectively, but did not reach statistical significance.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] it has been hypothesized that wbh might activate immune system by inducing the expression of heat shock proteins (hsps), which are thought to facilitate the presentation of tumor-specific antigens.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] the results suggest that an increased cd3+ t lymphocyte population is closely related to the anti-tumor effect of wbh, which might be a useful marker for effectiveness of hyperthermia.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] it has been proposed that moderate regular aerobic training may enhance immunocompetence, whereas excessive training may cause immunosuppression.

Can the Wim Hof method - consisting of breathing training, meditation and acclimatization to cold - strengthen the immune system of healthy people and thus prevent infectious diseases? [SEP] in subjects carrying out heavy exercise at leisure, vitamin e and beta-carotene increased the risk of colds when compared with placebo. |||

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] studies have demonstrated the effectiveness of saw palmetto in reducing symptoms associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] placebo controlled trials and meta-analyses have suggested that saw palmetto leads to subjective and objective improvement in men with lower urinary tract symptoms.

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] saw palmetto is the most popular herbal supplement used to treat symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph).

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] evidence suggests that saw palmetto may have a significant effect on urinary flow rates and symptom scores compared to placebo in men with lower urinary tract symptoms.

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] saw palmetto fruit extracts are widely used for treating lower urinary tract symptoms attributed to benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph); however, recent clinical trials have questioned their efficacy, at least at standard doses (320 mg/d).

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] in this double-blind trial, we randomly assigned 225 men over the age of 49 years who had moderate-to-severe symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia to one year of treatment with saw palmetto extract (160 mg twice a day) or placebo.

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] saw palmetto is an herb used to treat the symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] saw palmetto is a frequently used botanical agent in benign prostatic enlargement (bph).

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] saw palmetto is an herbal product used in the treatment of symptoms related to benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] a literature search of studies that have assessed the mechanism of action and clinical results of saw palmetto in men with benign prostatic hyperplasia was performed.

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] saw palmetto is a phytotherapeutic agent commercially marketed for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] saw palmetto supplements are one of the most commonly consumed supplements by men with prostate cancer and/or benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph).

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] to evaluate whether saw palmetto supplements are associated with a reduced risk of prostate cancer, we conducted a prospective cohort study of 35,171 men aged 50-76 yr in western washington state.

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] the use of saw palmetto in men with benign prostatic hyperplasia is safe with no recognized adverse effects.

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] saw palmetto extract (spe) has been widely used for the treatment of lower urinary-tract symptoms secondary to benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] saw palmetto is used by over 2 million men in the united states for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia and is commonly recommended as an alternative to drugs approved by the food and drug administration.

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] saw palmetto is widely used to treat lower urinary tract symptoms (luts) caused by benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph).

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] in this study, saw palmetto did not improve symptoms or objective measures of benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] saw palmetto (serenoa repens) is the most commonly used herbal preparation in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do saw palmetto preparations improve the symptoms of benign enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia) in the longer term compared to placebo? [SEP] the saw palmetto for treatment of enlarged prostates (step) study was a randomized clinical trial performed among 225 men with moderate-to-severe symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia, comparing a standardized extract of the saw palmetto berry (160 mg twice daily) with a placebo over a 1-year period. |||

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] to evaluate the effectiveness of honey for acute cough in children in ambulatory settings.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] to evaluate the effectiveness of honey for acute cough in children in ambulatory settings.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] to evaluate the effectiveness of honey for acute cough in children in ambulatory settings.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] to evaluate the effectiveness of honey for acute cough in children in ambulatory settings.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] honey is recommended for non-specific acute paediatric cough by the australian guidelines.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] a short-cut review was carried out to establish whether honey provides significant symptom relief of cough in children with an upper respiratory tract infection (urti).

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of honey and/or lozenges in the management of children with chronic non-specific cough.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] data from acute studies suggest a potential role for honey in relieving cough, but whether this is applicable to chronic cough is unknown.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] to compare effectiveness of honey, salbutamol and placebo in the treatment of cough in children with acute onset cough.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] several remedies, including honey, have been used to alleviate cough symptoms.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] several remedies, including honey, have been used to alleviate cough symptoms.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] several remedies, including honey, have been used to alleviate cough symptoms.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] several remedies, including honey, have been used to alleviate cough symptoms.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] the world health organization identifies honey as a potential demulcent treatment for cough.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] we concluded the use of honey probably decreases the severity and frequency of cough, improves the quality of parent's and patient's sleep, and does not have side effects.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] comparing symptoms and sleep quality scores of children that received honey with those that received no treatment showed that honey was more effective in reducing frequency of cough (mean difference (md) -0.99; 95% ci -1.63 to -0.35, bothersome cough (md -0.93; 95% ci -1.76 to -0.10), and sleep quality of the child (md -0.92; 95% ci -1.77 to -0.07); but did not differ significantly between the honey versus no treatment groups in resolving severity of cough (md -0.69; 95% ci -1.46 to 0.07) and sleep quality of the parents (md 0.80; 95% ci -1.67 to 0.07).

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] it is possible that honey has a therapeutic effect on mucus and cough characteristics (clinical trials: nct01356693).

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] the results suggest that honey may provide better cough relief than dph in children and improve the sleep quality of children and their parents.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] honey is a traditional remedy for upper respiratory tract symptoms in infants.

Does honey help against acute cough in children? [SEP] honey is widely used in folk medicine to treat cough, fever, and inflammation. |||

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] artemisia annua tea has been proven to be a very effective treatment for malaria in various clinical trials, but to date its efficacy has not been investigated in vitro.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] artemisia annua tea is a popular dosage form used to treat and prevent malaria in some developing countries.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] the efficacy of artemisinin (ar) against malaria has prompted its use as a tea drink in endemic communities.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] the traditional use of the medicinal plant artemisia annua for the treatment of malaria entails the preparation of a tea infusion.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] in african countries a tea infusion prepared from artemisia annua has been used for the treatment of malaria only for the past 10-20 years.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] in parts of africa and asia, self-medication with a hot water infusion of artemisia annua (artemisia tea) is a common practice for a number of ailments including malaria and cancer.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] artemisia annua l. is a chinese medicinal plant, which is used throughout asia and africa as tea or press juice to treat malaria.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] artemisinin plasma concentrations after intake of this herbal tea are sufficient for clinical effects, but insufficient to recommend such preparations as equivalent substitutes for modern artemisinin drugs in malaria therapy.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] artemisia annua hot water infusion (tea) has been used in in vitro experiments against p. falciparum malaria parasites to test potency relative to equivalent pure artemisinin.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] artemisia annua l. is used throughout asia and africa as tea and press juice to treat malaria and related symptomes (fever, chills).

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] several informal claims in africa exist that the artemisia annua tea infusions are also able to inhibit hiv.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] a number of flavonoids including casticin and artemetin from artemisia annua have shown synergism with artemisinin against plasmodium falciparum, but it is unclear if the flavonoids are also extracted into a tea infusion of the plant.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] artemisinin from the plant artemisia annua (a. annua) l, and used as artemisinin combination therapy (act), is the current best therapeutic for treating malaria, a disease that hits children and adults especially in developing countries.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] considering that for > 2000 years this plant was used in traditional chinese medicine for treatment of fever with no apparent appearance of artemisinin drug resistance, the evidence argues for inclusion of affordable a. annua dried leaf tablets into the arsenal of drugs to combat malaria and other artemisinin-susceptible diseases.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] artemisia annua l., long used as a tea infusion in traditional chinese medicine, produces artemisinin.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] tea infusions of both species also inhibited asexual parasitemia and although mainly artemisinin dependent, there was a weak antiparasitic effect from artemisinin-deficient a. afra.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] the objective of this study was to provide quantitative scientific evidence that the artemisia annua tea infusion exhibits anti-hiv activity through in vitro studies.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] this study provides the first in vitro evidence of anti-hiv activity of the artemisia annua tea infusion.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] our main objective was to test tea infusions and nonpolar extracts prepared from different a. annua varieties against plasmodium falciparum in vitro in order to determine if synergism will increase the effectiveness of artemisinin in the samples as compared to pure artemisinin.

Can Artemisia tea cure malaria as well as drugs? [SEP] both a. annua and a. afra tea infusions reduced gametocytemia in vitro, and the effect was mainly artemisinin dependent. |||

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] taken together, these results substantiated the traditional uses of thyme in the treatment of respiratory diseases.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] thyme extract might be an effective treatment of chronic diseases based on inflammatory processes when hypersecretion of mucus overwhelms the ciliary clearance and obstructs airways, causing morbidity and mortality.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] the aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of a standardized hydroalcoholic extract of thyme on primary human airway (bronchial/tracheal) epithelial cell lines in a model of lung inflammation induced by lps.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] thyme extract showed significant anti-inflammatory properties by reducing the nf-κb p65 and nf-κb p52 transcription factors protein levels followed by the decrease of pro-inflammatory cytokines (il-1 beta and il-8), and muc5ac secretion in human normal bronchial and tracheal epithelial cells.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] centrally acting anti-tussives not only inhibit coughing, but also depress ventilation.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] thyme (thymus vulgaris) is used traditionally to prepare herbal remedies possessing expectorant, mucolytic, antitussive and antispasmodic properties.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] antimicrobial activity of the components of bronchosol, especially thyme and thymol, has frequently been reported in the literature.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] thymoquinone (tq), the main active constituent of the volatile oil extracted from nigella sativa's seeds, has been reported to have an anti-inflammatory and immune stimulatory effect on bronchial asthma and inflammation.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] in addition, the effects of thyme extract on human lung cancer cell line (h460) were analysed.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] coughing is one of the most common of respiratory systems, and yet few anti-tussives are wholly effective and safe.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] thus, we hypothesize that cough during therapeutic thoracentesis may have a beneficial effect preventing the excessive drop in pleural pressure.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] cough is a complex defensive reflex whose purpose is protection of the respiratory tract.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] moreover thyme extract, evaluated in h460 lung cancer cell line, demonstrated to induce cell cytotoxicity in addition to reduce inflammatory cell signals.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] this may also explain why beta-sympathomimetic agents inhibit the cough of viral infections and the cough of asthma.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] coughs may be useful, useless, or harmful.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] although studies have shown that hypertonic saline aerosol can improve cough clearance, there are no data, to date, that have convincingly demonstrated this agent or any other pro-tussive drug to be clinically useful.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] thyme extracts have antispasmodic activity, which is at least due to synergistic effects of phenolic volatile oil compounds and the flavone luteolin.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] we report intriguing preliminary observations on the effect of cough on pleural pressure changes during therapeutic thoracentesis.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] based on previous data the present investigation aimed to clarify if thymol-deprived thyme extracts (as been in use within german drug market) have antispasmodic activity.

Does thyme help against cough? [SEP] however, at times, the cough is refractory to conventional treatment. |||

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] herein, we tested whether coenzyme q10 supplementation could decrease statin-associated muscular pain in a specific group of patients with mild-to-moderate muscle symptoms.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] coenzyme q10 supplementation decreased statin-related muscle symptoms in 75% of patients.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] the present results show that coenzyme q10 supplementation (50 mg twice daily) effectively reduced statin-related mild-to-moderate muscular symptoms, causing lower interference of statin-related muscular symptoms with daily activities.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] this study examined the effect of coenzyme q10 (coq10) supplementation on simvastatin-associated muscle pain, muscle strength and aerobic performance in patients with confirmed statin myalgia.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] after a six-month administration of coenzyme q10, muscle pain and sensitivity statistically significantly decreased.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] the co-enzyme q10 in statin myopathy study is designed to examine the effect of coq10 supplementation on the extent and intensity of muscle pain during treatment with simvastatin.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] the aim of this study was to demonstrate the effect of coenzyme q10 in patients with statin myopathy.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] the objective of this study was to assess whether patients with statin-associated myalgia can be successfully treated with coenzyme q10 (coq10) to improve symptoms and maintain them on statin therapy.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] this review summarizes the current evidence on coenzyme q10 supplementation in statin-induced myopathy.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] studies have consistently shown that statins reduce coenzyme q10 levels in serum and that supplementation of coenzyme q10 increases these levels.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] recently, two pilot studies on coenzyme q10 supplementation in statin-induced myopathy and one study on the effect of coenzyme q10 supplementation on serum muscle enzyme levels were published.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] to review the literature concerning the effects of statin use on coenzyme (co) q10 concentrations and explain the rationale behind considering coq10 supplementation.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] coenzyme q10 (coq10) supplementation is the most popular therapy for statin myalgia among both physicians and patients despite limited and conflicting evidence of its efficacy.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] coenzyme q10 supplementation has yielded conflicting results in decreasing statin myopathy.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] some small clinical trials seem to show that coenzyme q10 supplements can be used to lower blood pressure and to treat or prevent myalgia caused by hydroxymethylglutaryl coenzyme a reductase inhibitors (statins).

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] the aim of the present article is to review published data on the association between coenzyme q10 and statin-associated myopathy.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] background previous studies have demonstrated a possible association between the induction of coenzyme q10 (coq10) after statin treatment and statin-induced myopathy.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] compared with placebo, coq10 supplementation ameliorated statin-associated muscle symptoms, such as muscle pain ( wmd , -1.60; 95% confidence interval [ ci ], -1.75 to -1.44; p<0.001), muscle weakness ( wmd , -2.28; 95% ci , -2.79 to -1.77; p=0.006), muscle cramp ( wmd , -1.78; 95% ci , -2.31 to -1.24; p<0.001), and muscle tiredness ( wmd , -1.75; 95% ci , -2.31 to -1.19; p<0.001), whereas no reduction in the plasma creatine kinase level was observed after coq10 supplementation ( wmd , 0.09; 95% ci , -0.06 to 0.24; p=0.23).

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] coenzyme q10 (coq10) deficiency has been associated with statin-induced myopathy, and supplementation with coq10 may reduce inflammation markers.

Does coenzyme Q10 relieve muscle discomfort during treatment with statins? [SEP] conclusions coq10 supplementation ameliorated statin-associated muscle symptoms, implying that coq10 supplementation may be a complementary approach to manage statin-induced myopathy. |||

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] the chaga mushroom (inonotus obliquus) has been used in folk medicine to treat cancers.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] thus chaga mushroom may act as a natural anticancer product by preventing the inhibition of gjic through the inactivation of erk1/2 and p38 map kinase.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] the chaga mushroom (inonotus obliquus) is claimed to have beneficial properties for human health, such as anti-bacterial, anti-allergic, anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] chaga mushroom (inonotus obliquus) has continued to receive attention as a folk medicine with indications for the treatment of cancers and digestive diseases.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] chaga mushroom (inonotus obliquus) has long been used as a folk medicine due to its numerous biological functions such as antibacterial, antiallergic, antiinflammatory and antioxidative activities.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] the fruiting body of inonotus obliquus, a medicinal mushroom called chaga, has been used as a traditional medicine for cancer treatment.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] chaga mushroom (inonotus obliquus) has been used in folk medicine to treat several disorders through its various biological functions.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] chaga (inonotus obliquus) mushroom is considered as one of the most powerful antioxidants across the world.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] chaga (inonotus obliquus (persoon) pilat) is a mushroom traditionally used as a folk medicine for tumors and stomach ulcers in russia.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] the cells were pre-incubated with chaga mushroom extracts (5, 10, 20 microg/ml) for 24 h and this was followed by co-treatment with chaga mushroom extracts and tpa (12-o-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate, 10 ng/ml) for 1 h. the inhibition of gjic by tpa (12-o-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate), promoter of cancer, was prevented with treatment of chaga mushroom extracts.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] chaga mushrooms (inonotus obliquus) are hypothesised to exhibit general immune-potentiating, anti-inflammatory, and antitumor properties, but their anti-allergic activities are not fully understood.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] recent epidemiological studies have suggested that mushrooms may prevent against different types of cancers.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] we evaluated the effect of aqueous chaga mushroom extracts for their potential for protecting against oxidative damage to dna in human lymphocytes.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] the possible role of this mushroom as a therapeutic agent in addressing the pathogenesis of diabetes and cancer has also been suggested.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] this review summarizes the relevant findings with reference to the therapeutic potential of this mushroom in countering the progression of cancers, diabetes mellitus, and antiviral activities, while highlighting its possible molecular mechanisms of action.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] therefore, our results suggest that the chaga mushroom extract may be used as an anti-allergic functional food.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] while an anti-allergic effect of chaga mushroom (inonotus obliquus) has been indicated, its therapeutic effect on allergy and immunoregulatory mechanisms and chemical constituents directly responsible for that are hardly known.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] the medicinal mushroom chaga, inonotus obliquus (pers.:fr.)

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] the anticarcinogenic effect of chaga mushroom extract was investigated using a model system of gap junctional intercellular communication (gjic) in wb-f344 normal rat liver epithelial cells.

Does Chaga mushroom help against cancer or other diseases? [SEP] thus, chaga mushroom treatment affords cellular protection against endogenous dna damage produced by h2o2. |||

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] to evaluate the optical performance of blue-light filtering spectacle lenses and investigate whether a reduction in blue light transmission affects visual performance and sleep quality.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] because the timing and quantity of light and darkness both affect sleep, evening use of amber lenses to block blue light might affect sleep quality.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] this study aimed to test whether blocking nocturnal blue light improves neuropsychological function in individuals with insomnia symptoms.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] our results could therefore suggest that exposure to bright light during the day - as in the present study - may help combat sleep disturbances associated with the evening use of electronic devices emitting blue light.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] we aimed to determine if wearing amber-tinted blue light-blocking lenses before bedtime improves sleep in individuals with insomnia.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] we investigated the effect of blue light-blocking glasses in subjects with delayed sleep phase disorder (dspd).

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] blue-light filtering spectacle lenses can partially filter high-energy short-wavelength light without substantially degrading visual performance and sleep quality.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] our data suggest that exposure to blue-enriched polychromatic light at relatively low room light levels impacts upon homeostatic sleep regulation, as indexed by reduction in frontal slow wave activity during the first non-rapid eye movement episode.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] the use of blue light-emitting devices (smartphones, tablets, and laptops) at bedtime has negative effects on sleep due to light stimulation and/or problematic excessive use.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] we investigated whether exposure to blue light during daytime could be an efficient countermeasure to limit sleep restriction's impact on relevant behavioral (stress, sleepiness, sustained attention, and memory performance) and physiological (saliva cortisol, testosterone, and alpha-amylase) markers.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] altogether, these findings lead us to this conclusion that blocking the short-wavelength component of the light emitted by smartphones' screens improves human sleep.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] exposure to blue-wavelength light in particular from these devices may affect sleep by suppressing melatonin and causing neurophysiologic arousal.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] therefore, we tested the hypothesis that cutting the blue portion of the light spectrum with orange lens glasses (blue blockers) would prevent the light-induced melatonin suppression, a test broadly used as an indirect assessment of the circadian clock sensitivity.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] evidence points to the role of nocturnal light exposure in disrupted sleep patterns, particularly blue light emitted through smartphones and computers used before bedtime.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] among the 22 participants who were each admitted twice, use of blue light smartphones was associated with significantly decreased sleepiness (cohen's d = 0.49, z = 43.50, p = 0.04) and confusion-bewilderment (cohen's d = 0.53, z = 39.00, p = 0.02), and increased commission error (cohen's d = -0.59, t = -2.64, p = 0.02).

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] using a randomized, placebo-controlled crossover design, we demonstrated improvement in processing speed and working memory with a nocturnal blue light blocking intervention among individuals with insomnia symptoms.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] the use of electronic devices emitting blue light during evening hours has been associated with sleep disturbances in humans, possibly due to the blue light-mediated suppression of the sleep-promoting hormone melatonin.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] we hypothesized that wearing blue-blocking (bb) glasses in the evening may influence circadian rhythm disturbances in patients with major depressive disorder (mdd), resulting in improved sleep and mood.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] this study suggests that, while blue-enriched light has potential to improve subjective sleepiness in night shift workers, further research is needed in the selection of light properties to maximise the benefits.

Can filtering out blue light using blue filter glasses or night mode settings on smartphone, tablet or laptop screens have a beneficial effect on sleep? [SEP] in this study, we examined the effects of covering the screens of smartphones with different filters (changing the effective wavelength of the light) on sleep delay time in 43 healthy students. |||

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] these findings suggest that scoparone may be used a novel therapeutic agent against cardiac fibrosis.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] schisandra is a good choice in traditional chinese medicine for the therapy of cardiovascular diseases, but whether it contains a or some specific component (s) responsible these effects are still unclear.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] strophanthidin has no demonstrable effect on membrane conductance apart from that due to the observed depolarization.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] thus, we our data suggest that syringin possesses therapeutic potential to attenuate the progression of cardiac hypertrophy.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] our results indicate that strophalloside is a potential anticancer drug.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] the purpose of this study is to investigate the effects of bay41-2272, an orally available sgc stimulator, on cardiovascular remodeling in hypertensive rats.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] hence, sop might be an attractive candidate for the treatment of pathological cardiac hypertrophy and heart failure.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] this study may partially explain the use of schisandra in cardiovascular diseases and facilitate further drug development as well.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] strophalloside is a cardenolide we recently isolated from antiaris toxicaria obtained from hainan, china.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] sildenafil citrate has shown to display beneficial cardiovascular effects, suggesting that it may have other systemic benefits involving the endothelium.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] statins have recently been shown to produce anti-cardiac hypertrophic effects via the regulation of small gtpases.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] bay41-2272-h partially suppressed the rise in blood pressure and reduced the heart weight (4.20+/-0.34 versus 3.68+/-0.20 mg/g; p<0.01), whereas bay41-2272-l had no effect.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] the diterpene sclareol showed in vivo hypotensive and in-vitro vasodilator effects; the chemiluminescence plasmatic no analysis showed no significant difference between groups and the sclareol exhibit better effect on normotensive than hypertensive animals to reduce blood pressure.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] the sclareol administration in vivo caused a significant reduction in blood pressure in both groups.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] our study revealed that sop significantly mitigated tac-induced heart dysfunction, cardiomyocyte hypertrophy and cardiac fibrosis.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] scutellarin is a flavonoid isolated from a medicinal herb scutellaria barbata d. don and exerts therapeutic effects on cardiovascular diseases.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] rapamycin represents a recognized drug-based therapeutic approach to treat cardiovascular disease.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] the results showed that strophalloside was capable of reducing cell viability, inhibiting cell growth, and suppressing cell migration and invasion in a time- and dose-dependent manner.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] scoparone is a biologically active constituent isolated from artemisia capillaris and possesses a variety of pharmacological activities, such as anti-inflammatory, anti-tumor, anti-allergic and anti-cardiovascular activities.

Is strophanthin an effective cardiovascular drug? [SEP] we examined the effect of simvastatin on heart rate variability (hrv) in patients with non-ischemic dilated cardiomyopathy to evaluate for an antisympathetic effect of statins independent of anti-ischemic properties. |||

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] these studies do not support a considerable decrease in the incidence of the common cold with supplemental vitamin c. however, vitamin c has consistently decreased the duration of cold episodes and the severity of symptoms.

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] regular vitamin c supplementation (> or =1 g/day) has quite consistently reduced the duration of colds, but the size of the benefit has varied greatly.

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] the effect of vitamin c on the common cold has been the subject of several studies.

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] although the role of vitamin c in common cold incidence had been studied extensively, the level of vitamin c intake has not been unequivocally shown to affect the incidence of colds.

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] the severity of colds was also reduced by regular vitamin c administration.seven comparisons examined the effect of therapeutic vitamin c (3249 episodes).

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] the combination of a regular daily supplement of vitamin c with extra dosage at the time of illness has been shown to reduce the disability due to common colds and other winter illness, but we have seen little effect on frequency of infections, sense of (well-being), or levels of serum cholesterol.

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] in children, 1 to 2 g/day vitamin c shortened colds by 18%.

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] nevertheless, given the consistent effect of vitamin c on the duration and severity of colds in the regular supplementation studies, and the low cost and safety, it may be worthwhile for common cold patients to test on an individual basis whether therapeutic vitamin c is beneficial for them.

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] however, in four studies with british male schoolchildren and students a statistically highly significant reduction in common cold incidence was found in groups supplemented with vitamin c (pooled rr 0.70; 95% ci 0.60, 0.81).

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] the effect of vitamin c on preventing common cold in healthy adults has been investigated extensively, but not that of other micronutrients.

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] doses of between four and six grams of vitamin c for the first three days of a cold may reduce its symptoms, but as long as vitamin c intake is adequate, long-term prophylaxis is not indicated.

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] in the present study the six largest vitamin c supplementation (> or = 1 g/d) studies, including over 5000 episodes in all, have been analysed, and it is shown that common cold incidence is not reduced in the vitamin c-supplemented groups compared with the placebo groups (pooled rate ratio (rr) 0.99; 95% ci 0.93, 1.04).

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] nevertheless, in each of the 21 studies, vitamin c reduced the duration of episodes and the severity of the symptoms of the common cold by an average of 23%.

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] the failure of vitamin c supplementation to reduce the incidence of colds in the general population indicates that routine vitamin c supplementation is not justified, yet vitamin c may be useful for people exposed to brief periods of severe physical exercise.

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] these studies have not found any consistent evidence that vitamin c supplementation reduces the incidence of the common cold in the general population.

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] nevertheless, the analysis was continued with the hypothesis that vitamin c intake may affect common cold susceptibility in specific groups of people.

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] thus, these studies with british males indicate that vitamin c intake has physiological effects on susceptibility to common cold infections, although the effect seems quantitatively meaningful only in limited groups of people and is not very large.

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] five trials involving a total of 598 marathon runners, skiers and soldiers on subarctic exercises yielded a pooled rr of 0.48 (95% ci 0.35 to 0.64).thirty-one comparisons examined the effect of regular vitamin c on common cold duration (9745 episodes).

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] a large scale double-blind trial was conducted to test the claim that the intake of one gram of vitamin c per day substantially reduces the frequency and duration of "colds".

Can regular intake of vitamin C prevent colds? [SEP] the review found that micronutrients supplementation, except vitamin c, may not prevent cold incidence or reduce symptom severity among healthy adults. |||

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] these studies do not support a considerable decrease in the incidence of the common cold with supplemental vitamin c. however, vitamin c has consistently decreased the duration of cold episodes and the severity of symptoms.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] doses of between four and six grams of vitamin c for the first three days of a cold may reduce its symptoms, but as long as vitamin c intake is adequate, long-term prophylaxis is not indicated.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] placebo-controlled trials have shown that vitamin c supplementation decreases the duration and severity of common cold infections.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] the effect of vitamin c on the common cold has been the subject of several studies.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] the combination of a regular daily supplement of vitamin c with extra dosage at the time of illness has been shown to reduce the disability due to common colds and other winter illness, but we have seen little effect on frequency of infections, sense of (well-being), or levels of serum cholesterol.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] the severity of colds was also reduced by regular vitamin c administration.seven comparisons examined the effect of therapeutic vitamin c (3249 episodes).

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] in children, 1 to 2 g/day vitamin c shortened colds by 18%.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] current evidence from published systematic reviews indicate that oral intake of vitamin c may assist with symptoms of acute viral respiratory infections (ari) by reducing fever and chills, relieving chest pain and assist in reducing symptoms of common cold-induced asthma.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] nevertheless, given the consistent effect of vitamin c on the duration and severity of colds in the regular supplementation studies, and the low cost and safety, it may be worthwhile for common cold patients to test on an individual basis whether therapeutic vitamin c is beneficial for them.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] nevertheless, in each of the 21 studies, vitamin c reduced the duration of episodes and the severity of the symptoms of the common cold by an average of 23%.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] the trials analyzed in this work used regular vitamin c supplementation, but it is conceivable that therapeutic supplementation starting early at the onset of the cold episode could produce comparable benefits.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] given the evidence suggesting that vitamin c alleviates common cold symptoms and the findings of this systematic review, it may be reasonable for asthmatic patients to test vitamin c on an individual basis, if they have exacerbations of asthma caused by respiratory infections.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] the failure of vitamin c supplementation to reduce the incidence of colds in the general population indicates that routine vitamin c supplementation is not justified, yet vitamin c may be useful for people exposed to brief periods of severe physical exercise.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] to discover whether oral doses of 0.2 g or more daily of vitamin c reduces the incidence, duration or severity of the common cold when used either as continuous prophylaxis or after the onset of symptoms.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] asthma exacerbations are often induced by the common cold, which, in turn, can be alleviated by vitamin c. to investigate whether vitamin c administration influences common cold-induced asthma.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] this study examined the impact of vitamin c on physical activity and respiratory tract infections during the peak of the cold season.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] vitamin c may also have some effect on the immune system.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] the role of vitamin c (ascorbic acid) in the prevention and treatment of the common cold has been a subject of controversy for 60 years, but is widely sold and used as both a preventive and therapeutic agent.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] oral vitamin c may assist with the symptoms of acute respiratory viral infections (ari) and common cold-induced asthma but no studies have been identified justifying oral vitamin c for the prevention or treatment of coronavirus infections including covid-19.

Can taking vitamin C after the onset of a cold relieve symptoms or shorten the illness? [SEP] administration of a single dose of 1 gram of vitamin c to italian non-asthmatic common cold patients increased the provocative concentration of histamine (pc20) 3.2-fold (95% ci: 2.0 to 5.1), but the vitamin c effect was significantly less when the same participants did not suffer from the common cold. |||

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] inhaled heated vapor treatments and simple saline solution nasal irrigation were investigated for their effect on inflammatory mediator production in nasal secretions.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] we investigated whether brief pragmatic interventions to encourage use of nasal irrigation or steam inhalation would be effective in relieving sinus symptoms.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] to assess the effects of inhaling heated water vapour (steam) in the treatment of the common cold by comparing symptoms, viral shedding and nasal resistance.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] to assess the effects of inhaling heated water vapour (steam) in the treatment of the common cold by comparing symptoms, viral shedding and nasal resistance.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] this study demonstrated the usefulness of large particle vapor treatment and saline solution irrigation in reducing inflammatory mediators in nasal secretions and indirectly supports the clinical efficacy of these treatments for chronic rhinitis.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] to assess the effects of inhaling heated water vapour (steam), in the treatment of the common cold by comparing symptoms, viral shedding and nasal resistance.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] the theoretical basis is that steam may help congested mucus drain better and heat may destroy the cold virus as it does in vitro.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] the theoretical basis is that steam may help congested mucus drain better and heat may destroy the cold virus as it does in vitro.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] the theoretical basis is that steam may help congested mucus drain better and heat may destroy cold virus as it does in vitro.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] the use of saline irrigation for nasal washes is a well established procedure in the treatment of sinonasal inflammation and infection.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] there is evidence that saline is beneficial in the treatment of the symptoms of chronic rhinosinusitis when used as the sole modality of treatment.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] increasing studies show that nasal irrigation with hypertonic saline is more effective than traditional saline in the treatment of rhinosinusitis, but there have been few systematic analyses of the effect of nasal irrigation with hypertonic saline on chronic rhinosinusitis.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] effects favoring hypertonic saline on nasal symptoms were greater in 4 subgroups.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] local hyperthermia or inhalation of heated water vapor is often recommended as a home remedy for various nasal disorders such as the common cold and allergic rhinitis.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] nasal irrigation with liquid saline is used to manage symptoms associated with chronic rhinosinusitis.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] consensus guidelines recommend saline nasal irrigation as a treatment for a variety of other conditions, including rhinitis of pregnancy and acute rhinosinusitis.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] nasal saline irrigations are a valuable, widely used adjunct for the management of chronic rhinosinusitis.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] local nasal hyperthermia or inhalation of heated water vapor is often recommended as a home remedy for various rhinitis disorders such as the common cold and allergic rhinitis.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] less conclusive evidence supports the use of spray and liquid saline nasal irrigation to manage symptoms of mild to moderate allergic rhinitis and acute upper respiratory tract infections.

Do saline nasal rinses and nasal sprays or inhaling with steam from saline solution help with colds? [SEP] three found benefits of steam for symptom relief with the common cold (odds ratio (or) 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.31; 0.16 to 0.60; relative risk (rr) 0.56; 95% ci 0.4 to 0.79). |||

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] we investigated the effects of tissue-cultured mountain ginseng extract (tmge) on male patients with erectile dysfunction (ed).

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] the overall therapeutic efficacies on erectile dysfunction were 60% for ginseng group and 30% for placebo and trazodone treated groups, statistically confirming the effect of ginseng (p < 0.05).

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] in asia, ginseng is commonly included in herbals used for the treatment of sexual dysfunction.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] korean ginseng and mountain ginseng (panax ginseng ca meyer) are important traditional herbal plants whose ginsenosides are generally accepted as serving to improve sexual functions, such as penile erection.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] however in the group receiving ginseng, changes in early detumescence and erectile parameters such as penile rigidity and girth, libido and patient satisfactions were significantly higher than that of other groups (p < 0.05).

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] in this study, we have evaluated the efficacy and safety of an extract of ginseng berry, which has a ginsenoside profile distinct from other parts of the plant, on sexual function in men with erectile dysfunction.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] several reports have promoted the root-derived korean red ginseng (krg; panax ginseng) as alternative treatment for erectile dysfunction (ed), and ginsenosides are known to be the principal active ingredients of ginseng.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] indeed, there is good evidence that ginsenosides can facilitate penile erection by directly inducing the vasodilatation and relaxation of penile corpus cavernosum.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] to investigate the efficacy in treating erectile dysfunction and to develop a natural drug without complications, the results of ginseng treatments are compared to placebo and other drug.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] as more informations are available, possible breakthrough in treatment of erectile dysfunction could be arisen from active saponin extracted from red ginseng, bringing hopes to many sufferers of erectile dysfunction.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] thus, animal studies lend growing support for the use of ginseng in the treatment of sexual dysfunction and provide increasing evidence for a role of nitric oxide in the mechanism of ginsenoside action.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] ginseng is beneficial for many aspects of human physiology, including sexual function.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] recent studies in laboratory animals have shown that both asian and american forms of ginseng enhance libido and copulatory performance.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] recent studies showed that ginseng berries produce more ginsenosides than krg; thus, we investigated the ability of the korean ginseng berry extract gb0710 to relax the penile corpus cavernosum smooth muscle (ccsm) in this study.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] ginseng has a long history of use as a tonic for restoration of vigor.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] in recent years, there has been increasing interest in the use of herbs and supplements as an alternative to drugs used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction, in order to enhance sexual performance.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] this study demonstrates that ginseng activity is mediated through estrogenic components and provides further evidence for ginseng treatment of postmenopausal symptoms.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] ginseng has been recommended to alleviate the menopausal symptoms, which indicates that components of ginseng very likely contain estrogenic activity.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] treatment with american ginseng also affects the central nervous system and has been shown to significantly alter the activity of hypothalamic catecholamines involved in the facilitation of copulatory behavior and hormone secretion.

Do remedies with ginseng help with erectile dysfunction? [SEP] ginseng is a popular herb for alleviating menopausal symptoms; however, no conclusive scientific data has shown ginseng as being efficient in such therapies. |||

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] the supplementation of spermidine can extend health and lifespan across species.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] the exogenous administration of spermidine promotes longevity in many model organisms.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] previous research has demonstrated beneficial impact of spermidine intake on memory functions in both animal models and humans, suggesting that spermidine may be a preventive approach to delay age-related cognitive decline and possibly even alzheimer's disease (ad).

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] external supplementation of spermidine extends lifespan and health span across species, including in yeast, nematodes, flies and mice.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] however, recent research shows that spermidine can act via other mechanisms, namely inflammation reduction, lipid metabolism and regulation of cell growth, proliferation and death.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] in humans, high levels of dietary spermidine, as assessed from food questionnaires, correlated with reduced blood pressure and a lower incidence of cardiovascular disease.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] spermidine is a polyamine compound exhibiting important biological activities, such as increasing lifespan, inflammation reduction, and plant growth control.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] spermidine is a natural polyamine involved in many important cellular functions, whose supplementation in food or water increases life span and stress resistance in several model organisms.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] exogenous supply of spermidine prolongs the life span of several model organisms including yeast (saccharomyces cerevisiae), nematodes (caenorhabditis elegans) and flies (drosophila melanogaster) and significantly reduces age-related oxidative protein damage in mice, indicating that this agent may act as a universal anti-aging drug.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] here we show that oral supplementation of the natural polyamine spermidine extends the lifespan of mice and exerts cardioprotective effects, reducing cardiac hypertrophy and preserving diastolic function in old mice.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] recent and exciting in vivo studies show that supplementation with the polyamine spermidine (spd) is cardioprotective and prolongs lifespan in both mice and humans.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] our data suggest that higher spermidine intake might be a promising dietary approach to preserve brain health in older adults, a hypothesis currently tested in an interventional trial.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] spermidine is a naturally occurring polyamine compound that has recently emerged with anti-aging properties and suppresses inflammation and oxidation.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] here, we discuss nutritional and other possible routes to counteract the age-mediated decline of spermidine levels.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] recent epidemiological data support this notion, showing that an increased uptake of this polyamine with spermidine-rich food diminishes overall mortality associated with cardiovascular diseases and cancer.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] a recent prospective epidemiological study suggested that an increase in the nutritional uptake of the natural polyamine spermidine is associated with reduced overall and cancer-specific mortality.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] spermidine, a natural polyamine presented widely in mammalian cells, has been implicated to extend the lifespan of several model organisms by inducing autophagy.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] spermidine, a naturally occurring polyamine, has recently emerged as exhibiting anti-aging properties.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] spermidine, a polyamine that induces macroautophagy/autophagy, exhibits anti-aging properties.

Can taking spermidine prolong life? Can it prevent diseases? [SEP] spermidine has therapeutic effects in many diseases including as heart diastolic function, myopathic defects and neurodegenerative disorders via autophagy activation. |||

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] management of lactose intolerance can be achieved through the administration of lactase supplements.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] the replacement of milk with low-lactose and probiotic-enriched dairy products is an effective strategy of mitigating the symptoms of lactose intolerance.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] lactose digestion can be improved in subjects with impaired or completely absent intestinal lactase activity by administration of lactase preparations and particularly of acid lactase, which is active in the stomach, or by yogurt containing live lactic acid bacteria.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] we investigated in a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind, 5-arm crossover study on 24 lactose malabsorbers with variable degrees of lactase deficiency if different lactase preparations and freeze-dried yogurt culture affect gastrointestinal lactose digestion after consuming moderate amounts of lactose (12.5 g) by assessing hydrogen exhalation over 6 h. furthermore, symptoms of lactose intolerance (excess gas production, abdominal pain, diarrhoea or nausea) were assessed using validated questionnaires.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] lactase and other constituent enzymes of various culturing organisms should contribute to assimilation of lactose by lactose intolerant individuals.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] lactose intolerance syndrome can be efficiently tackled consuming low lactose products.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] a gradation of lactase activity in the intolerant population may result in sufficient lactose hydrolysis to obviate symptoms and lead to continued milk consumption.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] this systematic review summarizes the available evidence on the influence of prebiotics and probiotics on lactase deficiency and li.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] when lactose-malabsorbing individuals use dairy products decreased lactase activity and the subsequent reduction in hydrolysis of ingested lactose can result in gastrointestinal and gaseous symptoms (lactose intolerance).

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] three different beta-gal preparations, lactogest (soft gel capsule), lactaid (caplet), and dairyease (chewable tablet) and placebo were fed to lactose maldigesters with either 20 g or 50 g of lactose to compare the efficacy of these products and to further establish a dose-response relationship for use.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] the combined administration of freeze-dried yogurt cultures and acid lactase increases lactose digestion more than either freeze-dried yogurt cultures or acid lactase alone, and more lactose malabsorbers benefited from this effect.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] microbial-derived beta-galactosidase (beta-gal) enzyme preparations improve in vivo lactose digestion and tolerance through enhanced gastrointestinal digestion of lactose.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] lactose intolerance resulting in gastrointestinal symptoms is a common health concern.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] in view of an exponential growth in the understanding of intestinal microfloral host interactions and the expanding therapeutical potential of probiotics, a reassessment of the role of lactose as a potential prebiotic in lactase nonpersistent subjects is required.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] evidence was insufficient that lactose-reduced solution or milk with a lactose content of 0 to 2 g, compared with greater than 12 g, is effective in reducing symptoms of lactose intolerance.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] nutritional and therapeutic qualities of fermented dairy products are reviewed.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] our results demonstrate that it is feasible to develop a low-lactose yogurt to which hn001 has been added for lactose-intolerant persons who wish to strengthen their immune system.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] although ingestion of high energy milk delayed the gastric emptying of lactose for significantly longer than the ingestion of half-skimmed milk (p < 0.01), it did not lead to significant improvement in symptoms and reflected only a trend toward improved lactose digestion (p = 0.07), as measured by the area under the breath h2 excretion curve.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] as a result, most research to date has concentrated on ways of improving lactose tolerance to enhance dairy as a source of nutrition.

Can capsules or tablets with lactase improve the symptoms of lactose intolerance and make dairy products more tolerable? [SEP] uncontrolled studies of lactose intolerant subjects have shown that symptom severity decreases after chronic lactose consumption. |||

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] weighted blankets may be an appropriate therapeutic tool in reducing anxiety; however, there is not enough evidence to suggest they are helpful with insomnia.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] the intervention by the weighted blanket resulted in a significantly better sleep-maintenance, a higher daytime activity level, and reduced daytime symptoms of fatigue, depression, and anxiety.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] weighted chain blankets are an effective and safe intervention for insomnia in patients with major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, also improving daytime symptoms and levels of activity.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] this study aimed to evaluate the effect of weighted chain blankets on insomnia and sleep-related daytime symptoms for patients with major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] during a 12-month open follow-up phase of the study, participants continuing to use weighted blankets maintained the effect on sleep, while patients switching from a light to a weighted blanket experienced an effect on insomnia severity index ratings similar to that of participants using the weighted blanket from the beginning.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] evidence-based research on the effectiveness of weighted blankets in reducing anxiety and insomnia is sparse.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] the outcomes of these studies suggest that weighted blankets have the potential to be beneficial in limited settings and populations.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] weighted blankets have been used as a deep touch pressure (dtp) tool to alleviate anxiety in many patient populations.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] at 4 weeks, there was a significant advantage in insomnia severity index ratings of the weighted blanket intervention over the light blanket (p < .001) with a large effect size (cohen's d 1.90).

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] articles were included if the study used weighted blankets as the modality of deep pressure stimulation.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] based on the results, a standard-weight, medical-grade therapeutic weighted blanket can be safely used to reduce anxiety in patients of various weights, and a visual analog scale can be a reliable indicator of patients' state anxiety.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] to identify, evaluate, and synthesize the current literature to help develop the impetus needed to launch a research study into the effectiveness of using weighted blankets to decrease anxiety and insomnia.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] research on the effectiveness of weighted blankets as a dtp tool to alleviate anxiety in patients receiving chemotherapy is limited.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] however, the research related to the use and effectiveness of weighted blankets is sparse.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] more research is needed to define guidelines for the use of weighted blankets in clinical practice and to investigate the underlying mechanism of action.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] sensory integration modalities, such as weighted blankets, are used in occupational therapy practice to assist with emotional and physical regulation.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] in this article, the results of an experimental, repeated-measures study of the effect of a particular type of fleecy woollen sleeping surface on observed and reported sleep are reported.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] this systematic review can be used to begin an investigation of the use of weighted blankets for larger and more diverse populations.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] anxiety was reduced among patients receiving chemotherapy when the weighted blanket was used.

Can weighted blankets help with sleep disorders? [SEP] this woollen underlay significantly reduced the observed postural activity and favourably influenced subjective estimates of sleep, compared with the control conditions. |||

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] in hospitalized adults with covid-19, remdesivir probably improves recovery and reduces serious adverse events and may reduce mortality and time to clinical improvement.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] remdesivir is one of the most promising drugs to treat covid-19 based on the following facts: remdesivir has a broad-spectrum antiviral mechanism of action; it demonstrated in vitro activity against sars-cov-2 and in vivo efficacy in animal models against the similar coronavirus mers-cov; its safety profile has been tested in ebola patients and in compassionate use in covid-19 patients.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] to evaluate the effectiveness and harms of remdesivir for covid-19.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] currently, the fda has approved remdesivir, an inhibitor of sars-cov-2 replication, to treat covid-19, though very recent data from who showed little if any covid19 protective effect.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] remdesivir might shorten the time to clinical improvement among hospitalized adults with severe covid-19.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] remdesivir has been associated with accelerated recovery of severe coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19).

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] english-language, randomized trials of remdesivir treatments for adults with suspected or confirmed covid-19.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] preliminary clinical trial results suggest that there may be a favourable benefit-risk profile for remdesivir compared with placebo in severe covid-19 infection and further data on benefits would strengthen this evaluation.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] observational studies report an association between remdesivir treatment and decreased mortality, as well as increased survival.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] remdesivir is a nucleotide prodrug with in vitro and in vivo efficacy against coronaviruses.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] this scoping review maps the evidence on the efficacy, effectiveness, and safety of remdesivir for patients with covid-19, up to september 14th , 2020.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] remdesivir, a broad spectrum anti-viral drug, is now under in vitro and in vivo investigation as a potential agent against sars-cov-2.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] in adults with severe covid-19, remdesivir compared with placebo probably improves recovery by a large amount (absolute risk difference [ard] range, 7% to 10%) and may result in a small reduction in mortality (ard range, -4% to 1%) and a shorter time to recovery or clinical improvement.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] remdesivir is one of the repurposed drugs under investigation to treat patients with covid-19.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] these data support early remdesivir treatment initiation in covid-19 patients to prevent progression to severe pneumonia.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] remdesivir® an small molecule and nucleic acid analogue, it is used to treat adults and children with laboratory confirmed covid-19, only administrated in hospital settings.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] covid-19 is caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) and is currently being treated using remdesivir, a nucleoside analog that inhibits the rna-dependent-rna polymerase (rdrp).

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] a systematic benefit-risk assessment was designed and conducted to examine the benefit-risk profile of remdesivir in covid-19 patients compared with standard of care, placebo or other treatments.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] therapeutic remdesivir treatment initiated early during infection has a clear clinical benefit in sars-cov-2-infected rhesus macaques.

Does the drug remdesivir prevent COVID-19 deaths? [SEP] remdesivir probably reduces serious adverse events by a moderate amount (ard range, -6% to -8%). |||

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] although magnetic resonance imaging (mri) of the knee is known to be an accurate technique for diagnosing soft tissue disorders of the knee, the value of mri in improving patient outcome is controversial.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] evidence suggests that magnetic resonance imaging (mri) allows accurate diagnosis of meniscal and ligamentous injuries of the knee.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] this article focuses on the role of mri in the evaluation of disorders of the knee.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] we investigated whether radiographic severity and treatment type were associated with improvements in pain after nonoperative treatment of patients with knee oa.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] due to the recent development of arthroscopic techniques in meniscal surgery and anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction, an increasing number of postoperative patients are referred for a magnetic resonance examination of the knee because of recurrent injury.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] magnetic resonance imaging has been found useful in demonstrating degenerative disc disease, disc herniations, cord impingements and instabilities that are not amenable to diagnosis by myelograms and computed tomography.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] magnetic resonance imaging and plain radiography of the knee were performed in a group of 154 patients with clinical symptoms of knee osteoarthritis and a group of forty-nine age-matched asymptomatic controls.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] the study shows that mri of the knee is a valuable tool for augmenting the diagnostic process.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] recent developments in articular cartilage defect repair and the possible role of magnetic resonance imaging in the follow-up are discussed.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] mri can delineate meniscal tears, cruciate and collateral ligament injuries, and tendon, capsule and cartilage problems.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] these data do not support the routine use of magnetic resonance imaging for the evaluation and management of meniscal tears in patients with osteoarthritis of the knee.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] the purpose of this project was to study the value of mri in a subgroup of patients with knee pain and disability whose diagnosis was uncertain after standard orthopaedic evaluation.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] meniscal tears are commonly found on mri and increase the risk for radiographic knee osteoarthritis (oa).

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] magnetic resonance imaging (mri) is rapidly replacing other techniques as the study of choice for evaluating knee injuries.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] while standard roentgenograms provide most of the information needed to assess these disorders, the role of magnetic resonance imaging (mri) is rapidly increasing in the diagnostic evaluation of soft-tissue, ligament, tendon, and osseous abnormalities.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] this paper presents the results of three hrqol questionnaires (sf-36, rosser and euroqol) used to measure health change in 332 patients referred for mri of the knee.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] meniscal tears are frequently found during magnetic resonance imaging of osteoarthritic knees.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] to assess whether the presence of subchondral bone marrow abnormalities (bone marrow edema (bme)) and cartilage defects, determined by magnetic resonance imaging (mri), would explain the difference between painful osteoarthritis of the knee (oak) compared with painless oak or pain without oak.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] patients with knee pain as a result of osteoarthritis or degenerative meniscal injury may seek treatment through arthroscopic surgery.

Does magnetic resonance therapy improve complaints of knee osteoarthritis or herniated discs (e.g. pain)? [SEP] eswt improves womac and rom better then kin on the affected knee in patients with oa of the knee. |||

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] this review summarizes the current basic and clinical knowledge of zinc for the common cold, and suggests the present role of zinc therapy and future research needs.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] zinc (zn) has long been touted as a panacea for common cold.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] used prophylactically, oral zinc is associated with a reduced cold incidence in children.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] biochemical evidence suggests that zinc may be an effective treatment, and zinc gluconate glycine (zgg) lozenges have been shown to reduce the duration of cold symptoms in adults.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] these results provide evidence that zinc nasal gel is effective in shortening the duration of common cold symptoms off when taken within 24 hours of their onset.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] is oral zinc associated with a shorter duration, decreased severity, and reduced incidence of the common cold compared with placebo?

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] no consistently effective therapy for the common cold has been well documented, but evidence suggests that several possible mechanisms may make zinc an effective treatment.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] common cold patients may be encouraged to try zinc lozenges for treating their colds.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] when initiated within 24 hours of symptom onset, oral zinc is associated with a shorter duration of the common cold in healthy people.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] clinical studies have shown that ionic zinc (zn2+) dissolved in the mouth shortened manifestations of the common cold significantly, by an unknown mechanism.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] we studied a new approach to zinc therapy--an over-the-counter nasal gel formulation (zicam)--to independently evaluate its efficacy as a treatment for the common cold.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] there is no evidence that zinc doses over 100 mg/day might lead to greater efficacy in the treatment of the common cold.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] several controlled clinical trials have shown that zinc gluconate glycine lozenges can reduce symptom severity and duration of symptoms in patients with the common cold.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] oral zinc has been studied as a possible means of preventing or alleviating symptoms, with mixed results.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] five trials used zinc doses of 80-92 mg/day, common cold duration was reduced by 33%, and two trials used zinc doses of 192-207 mg/day and found an effect of 35%.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] previous studies have suggested that oral zinc supplementation can help reduce the duration of the common cold; however, the use of intranasal (in) zinc is strongly associated with anosmia, or the loss of the sense of smell, in humans.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] three trials that used lozenges composed of zinc acetate found that colds were shortened by 40% and four trials that used zinc gluconate by 28%.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] recently, intranasal zinc gluconate has been recommended as a treatment for the common cold.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] to compare the efficacy of zinc acetate lozenges with zinc gluconate lozenges in common cold treatment and to examine the dose-dependency of the effect.

Are oral zinc supplements effective for treating a cold (chill)? [SEP] intranasal application of zinc gluconate has commonly been used to treat the common cold. |||

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] used prophylactically, oral zinc is associated with a reduced cold incidence in children.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] is oral zinc associated with a shorter duration, decreased severity, and reduced incidence of the common cold compared with placebo?

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] when initiated within 24 hours of symptom onset, oral zinc is associated with a shorter duration of the common cold in healthy people.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] clinical studies have shown that ionic zinc (zn2+) dissolved in the mouth shortened manifestations of the common cold significantly, by an unknown mechanism.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] this review summarizes the current basic and clinical knowledge of zinc for the common cold, and suggests the present role of zinc therapy and future research needs.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] these results provide evidence that zinc nasal gel is effective in shortening the duration of common cold symptoms off when taken within 24 hours of their onset.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] zinc (zn) has long been touted as a panacea for common cold.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] previous studies have suggested that oral zinc supplementation can help reduce the duration of the common cold; however, the use of intranasal (in) zinc is strongly associated with anosmia, or the loss of the sense of smell, in humans.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] oral zinc has been studied as a possible means of preventing or alleviating symptoms, with mixed results.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] it is widely believed that oral zinc supplementation can reduce the effects of the common cold; however, there is strong clinical evidence that intranasal (in) zinc gluconate (zg) gel treatment for this purpose causes anosmia, or the loss of the sense of smell, in humans.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] in view of the burden associated with the common cold, supplementation with vitamin c plus zinc may represent an efficacious measure, with a good safety profile, against this infectious viral disease.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] after an overview of the literature on the effects of the separate administration of either vitamin c or zinc against the common cold, this article presents data from two preliminary, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trials, conducted with a combination of 1000 mg vitamin c plus 10 mg zinc in patients with the common cold.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] we studied a new approach to zinc therapy--an over-the-counter nasal gel formulation (zicam)--to independently evaluate its efficacy as a treatment for the common cold.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] preventive zinc supplementation in the form of tablets or syrup reduces the incidence of diarrhoea and acute lower respiratory tract infections (rti), but its effect on malaria is inconsistent.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] we suggest that zinc supplementation can positively modulate febrile seizure pathogenesis in rats.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] recently, intranasal zinc gluconate has been recommended as a treatment for the common cold.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] administration of zinc, as a complement to oral rehydration solutions, effectively diminishes duration and severity of diarrhea, but it is not known whether it merely fulfills a nutritional deficiency, or if zinc has a direct role of regulating solute absorption.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] however, it is unclear how zinc supplementation affects hyperthermia-induced febrile seizures.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] multiple studies have shown the benefits of zinc supplementation among young children in high-risk populations.

Do oral zinc supplements prevent a cold??? [SEP] zinc is an essential mineral. |||

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] colloidal gold has been studied for its potential application in medicine for centuries.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] colloidal gold, a sol comprised of nanoparticles of au(0), has been used as a therapeutic for the treatment of cancer as well as an indicator for immunodiagnostics.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] overall, based on the literature and taking low human exposure into account, elemental gold via the oral route is not considered to pose a health concern to humans in general.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] gold is a multifunctional material that has been utilized in medicinal applications for centuries because it has been recognized for its bacteriostatic, anticorrosive, and antioxidative properties.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] nowadays, gold is used in (nano-)medicine, usually in the form of nanoparticles, due to the solid proofs given of its therapeutic effects on several diseases.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] gold also plays an important role in the vaccine field as an adjuvant and a carrier, reducing toxicity, enhancing immunogenic activity, and providing stability in storage.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] one small recent study demonstrated a possible positive effect of gold on cognitive ability.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] by manufacturing gold in a nanoscale format, it is possible to passively distribute the material through the body, where it can localize in tumors (which are characterized by leaky blood vessels) and be safely excreted through the urinary system.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] gold compounds have long been used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (ra).

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] gold is a nonessential element with a variety of applications in medicine.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] nanoscale particles of gold now command a great deal of attention for biomedical applications.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] elemental gold is used as a food coloring agent and in dental fillings.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] in addition, gold nanoparticles are gaining increasing attention due to their potential use as inert carriers for medical purposes.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] however, au(cn) (2) (-) produced locally may facilitate the cellular uptake and hence the therapeutic and toxic effects of gold drugs.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] considering the high amount of scientific data on nanogold, this review summarizes recent advances in the field of medical application of gold nanoparticles for the therapy of cancer.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] modern medicine makes routine, conventional use of gold and has even developed more advanced applications by taking advantage of its ability to be manufactured at the nanoscale and functionalized because of the presence of thiol and amine groups, allowing for the conjugation of various functional groups such as targeted antibodies or drug products.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] gold is well established as an agent to suppress progressive rheumatoid arthritis.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] current studies confirm numerous advantages of nanogold over different nanomaterials, primarily due to highly optimized protocols for the production of gold nanoparticles of countless sizes and shapes, featured with unique properties.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] in addition, gold released from dental restorations has been reported to increase the risk of developing gold hypersensitivity.

Is colloidal gold good for health? [SEP] despite increasing sales of gold supplements, and claims of benefits for neurological and glandular conditions, gold has received little attention in modern medical literature except as a drug for rheumatoid arthritis. |||

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] to review the rationale and current evidence for the efficacy of probiotics in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (ibs), the following specific questions are addressed from a review of the published literature: are bacterial flora altered in ibs?

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] scientific bases for possible benefits of selected probiotics on irritable bowel symptoms have been identified.

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] what is the efficacy of probiotics in ibs?

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] although probiotics are increasingly used in irritable bowel syndrome (ibs), their mechanism of action has not been elucidated sufficiently.

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] probiotics have been used with apparent success for several gut disorders, so it is not surprising they have been tried in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (ibs).

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] the efficacy of probiotics for improving clinical symptoms, altering the fecal microbiota, and regulating serum immune cytokine levels was investigated in patients with irritable bowel syndrome-constipation (ibs-c) or functional constipation (fc).

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] there have been many studies suggesting that probiotics are effective in patients with diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (ibs-d).

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] although probiotics have been used for many years by those who suffer from what would now be defined as irritable bowel syndrome (ibs), a scientific rationale for their use in this indication and clinical evidence to support their benefits have only emerged very recently.

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] the use of lactobacilli as probiotics during irritable bowel syndrome is based on their interesting mechanisms of action and their excellent safety profile but little is known about their clinical efficacy due to the lack of adequately designed clinical trials.

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] probiotics may ease symptoms in ibs patients by changing gut microflora, reducing mucosal inflammation and exerting antibacterial effects.

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] probiotics and synbiotics have been shown to improve symptoms of ibs, although mechanisms of action are currently not understood.

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] the aim of this systematic review was to assess the latest randomized controlled trials (rcts) evaluating the effect of probiotic supplementation on symptoms in ibs patients.

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] this study aimed to investigate whether a mixture of lactobacilli probiotics could improve abdominal symptoms in patients with unconstipated ibs.

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] recent studies provide increasing support for the concept that disturbances in gut flora occur in patients with irritable bowel syndrome and that such abnormalities may contribute to irritable bowel syndrome-type symptoms.

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] seven studies (63.6%) reported that supplementation with probiotics in ibs patients significantly improved symptoms compared to placebo, whereas the remaining four studies (36.4%) did not report any significant improvement in symptoms after probiotic supplementation.

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] this systematic review focuses on identifying the efficacy and safety of probiotics in the treatment of ibs.

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] recently, some studies showed probiotics may have a positive effect in ibs and they are widely used to improve the symptom of ibs, which indicate probiotics may play an important role in the treatment of ibs.

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] probiotics may have the potential to impact the management of ibs; however, the results of trials are conflicting.

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] particular combinations of probiotics, or specific species and strains, showed probiotics have beneficial effect on overall ibs symptoms (22 studies, n = 3144, rr of improvement in overall ibs symptoms = 1.5, ci 1.23 to 1.83) or overall ibs symptom and abdominal pain scores (18 studies, n = 2766, smd = -0.31, ci -0.45 to -0.17).

Do probiotics alleviate the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome? [SEP] more recently, probiotics have been evaluated in the management of specific colonic disorders such as inflammatory bowel disease, irritable bowel syndrome, and clostridium difficile colitis. |||

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] some patients complain of abdominal distention and excessive flatus after ingesting certain fruits such as mango, persimmon, and grapes but not after eating apricots and melon.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] these patients developed nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, and backache within hours of ingesting large quantities of sour carambola juice; then acute renal failure followed.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] peaches, sour cherries, nectarines, apricots, plums and cherries are fruit commonly known as "stone fruit".

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] acidic fruits are commonly cited in the lay press as potential bladder irritants that may promote urinary incontinence (ui), but no epidemiologic studies have examined this issue.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] this may give rise to symptoms of heartburn, epigastric pain and occasionally oral regurgitation of the gastric contents.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] in patients on dialysis, consumption of star fruits can lead to alterations of consciousness.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] acute oxalate nephropathy associated with ingestion of star fruit (carambola) has not been reported before.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] three cases are presented documenting the variability of symptoms including one adolescent who became symptomatic while on a fruit and juice diet.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] in this case report, we describe a patient with underlying chronic kidney disease, who developed a rapid increase in serum creatinine and oxalate nephropathy after chronic ingestion of star fruit juice without overt neurotoxicity.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] ingestion of fruit juices in which there is an imbalance between glucose and fructose (apple, pear nectar) and the presence of sorbitol is one of the major causes of the syndrome of chronic, nonspecific diarrhea of infancy and childhood.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] we recorded breath hydrogen, flatus passage and bloating after 20 g fructose in 8 patients with history of fruit intolerance and 4 healthy controls.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] the objectives of this study were to (1) establish whether a solute efflux occurs when a sweet cherry fruit is incubated in water; (2) identify the solutes involved; (3) identify the mechanism(s) of efflux; and (4) quantify any changes in solute efflux occurring during development and storage.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] this study suggests that foods with high osmolality are the cause of pain in the acid-sensitive esophagus.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] it has been reported that star fruit can lead to a fatal outcome in uremic patients.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] a correlation may be found between gastrointestinal symptoms and the ingestion of coffee, milk, or sugars such as sorbitol and fructose.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] we found no relation between acidic fruit intake and risk of developing ui, including urgency, mixed, and stress ui.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] incomplete absorption of the carbohydrates, particularly fructose, from apple juice seems to be quite common, and may contribute to chronic diarrhoea in young children.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] six (54%) and 9 (82%) of 11 acid-positive subjects developed pain with hypertonic saline and sucrose (630 mosm/kg water).

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] after 20 g fructose, patients with history of fruit intolerance produce more breath hydrogen, pass flatus more frequently, and have a higher bloating score compared with healthy controls.

Do you get a stomach ache if you eat cherries or other stone fruit and then drink water? [SEP] to avoid acute oxalate nephropathy, pure sour carambola juice or mild diluted postpickled juice should not be consumed in large amounts, especially on an empty stomach or in a dehydrated state. |||

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] the limited level of evidence suggests that acoustic cr neuromodulation may have positive effects on tinnitus symptoms.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] studies regarding acoustic cr neuromodulation as a treatment method for tinnitus were included in the present review.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] to evaluate the current evidence on acoustic cr neuromodulation as a method for the treatment of tinnitus and to assess whether the method can be implemented in daily clinical practice.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] this method is based on cr neuromodulation, which has been demonstrated to be an effective treatment for chronic tonal tinnitus.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] the main findings in the included studies were that acoustic cr neuromodulation was safe and well tolerated and most patients reported reduction of tinnitus symptoms.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] our results suggest that hta-cr neuromodulation might be at least comparable to standard cr neuromodulation providing another effective therapeutic option for the treatment of chronic tonal tinnitus.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) may alleviate tinnitus.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] though no cure currently exists, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) has been shown to reduce tinnitus in some patients, possibly via induction of cortical plasticity involving brain derived neurotrophic factor (bdnf).

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] transient distortion of this activation (repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, rtms) may improve tinnitus.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] targeted modulation of these areas by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) has been proposed as a new therapeutic approach for chronic tinnitus.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) of auditory cortex has been proposed to treat refractory chronic tinnitus, but the involved mechanisms of action remain largely unknown.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] repetitive tms (rtms) applied over the temporoparietal cortex has been reported to show therapeutic effects on tinnitus.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] the aim of the present paper was to examine the literature and consider the potential for tms as a therapy in tinnitus.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] a promising approach for the treatment of tinnitus is repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) as this directly affects tinnitus-related brain activity.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] different neuromodulation techniques such as transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) have been used in an attempt to modify local and distant neuroplasticity as to reduce tinnitus symptoms.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] a small number of studies have suggested that tms may be effective in the treatment of tinnitus.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] recently, transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) has been proposed as a new approach for tinnitus treatment including, as potential targets of interest, either the temporal and temporoparietal cortex or prefrontal areas.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] further investigations of tdcs or other neuromodulators priming the auditory system for sound therapy based tinnitus treatments are warranted.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] there is a good theoretical basis and early research evidence suggesting that tms may have treatment potential in tinnitus.

Can acoustic CR ® neuromodulation according to Tass help with tinnitus? [SEP] this suggests that li-rtms alleviates behavioural signs of tinnitus by a mechanism independent of inferior colliculus hyperactivity and bdnf levels and opens novel therapeutic avenues for tinnitus treatment. |||

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] does ivermectin benefit hospitalized coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) patients?

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] ivermectin, an anti-helminthic drug is also being proposed for treatment and prevention of covid-19.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] ivermectin treatment was associated with lower mortality during treatment of covid-19, especially in patients with severe pulmonary involvement.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] therefore, ivermectin administered via inhalational route needs to be explored for potential beneficial role in covid-19 in preclinical and clinical studies.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] hence, we conducted this systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the currently available data on the therapeutic potential of ivermectin for the treatment of covid-19 as add on therapy.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] it is hypothesised that inhaled formulation of ivermectin may be effective against sars-cov-2.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] ivermectin was shown to inhibit severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 replication in vitro, which has led to off-label use, but clinical efficacy has not been described previously.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] we report here that ivermectin, an fda-approved anti-parasitic previously shown to have broad-spectrum anti-viral activity in vitro, is an inhibitor of the causative virus (sars-cov-2), with a single addition to vero-hslam cells 2 h post infection with sars-cov-2 able to effect ~5000-fold reduction in viral rna at 48 h. ivermectin therefore warrants further investigation for possible benefits in humans.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] ivermectin has demonstrated broad spectrum antiviral activity against both dna and rna viruses.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] ivermectin, a newly available drug, is well tolerated and effective in onchocerca volvulus infection.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] similarly, the random effect model revealed that adding ivermectin led to significant clinical improvement compared to usual therapy (or=1.98, 95% ci: 1.11 to 3.53, p=0.02).

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] ivermectin is a broad-spectrum anti-parasitic drug used widely for the treatment of onchocerciasis and lymphatic filariasis.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] ivermectin, given as a single oral dose, has shown considerable promise as a new treatment for onchocerciasis.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] amidst the crisis, reports of in vitro inhibitory activity of ivermectin, an approved anthelmintic, against the causative sarscov2 virus, have generated lot of optimism.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] these results confirm that single-dose ivermectin is effective and well-tolerated and suggest that 150 micrograms of ivermectin/kg may be the optimal dose for initial therapy.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] thus, ivermectin is suitable for inclusion in mass treatment programmes and is the best therapeutic option presently available to combat onchocerciasis.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] ivermectin, (=ivomec) a broad spectrum antiparasitic agent has become a promising drug for treating wide range of parasitic infection and infestation.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] single-dose ivermectin shows promise as the first acceptable treatment for severe onchocercal dermatitis.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] ivermectin is currently approved for treatment of both clinical and veterinary infections by nematodes, including onchocerca cervicalis in horses and onchocerca volvulus in humans.

Is ivermectin an effective drug for treating covid 19 disease? [SEP] the results showed that ivermectin is effective at a dose of 200 mg/kg. |||

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] ivermectin treatment was associated with lower mortality during treatment of covid-19, especially in patients with severe pulmonary involvement.

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] does ivermectin benefit hospitalized coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) patients?

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] therefore, ivermectin administered via inhalational route needs to be explored for potential beneficial role in covid-19 in preclinical and clinical studies.

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] we retrospectively reviewed severe covid-19 patients receiving standard doses of ivermectin and we compared clinical and microbiological outcomes with a similar group of patients not receiving ivermectin.

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] ivermectin, an anti-helminthic drug is also being proposed for treatment and prevention of covid-19.

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] ivermectin has recently shown efficacy against sars-cov-2 in-vitro.

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] we report here that ivermectin, an fda-approved anti-parasitic previously shown to have broad-spectrum anti-viral activity in vitro, is an inhibitor of the causative virus (sars-cov-2), with a single addition to vero-hslam cells 2 h post infection with sars-cov-2 able to effect ~5000-fold reduction in viral rna at 48 h. ivermectin therefore warrants further investigation for possible benefits in humans.

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] hence, we conducted this systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the currently available data on the therapeutic potential of ivermectin for the treatment of covid-19 as add on therapy.

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] it is hypothesised that inhaled formulation of ivermectin may be effective against sars-cov-2.

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] a single oral dose of ivermectin given to humans can induce mortality and reduce survivorship of an.

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] we recommend the evaluation of high-doses of ivermectin in randomized trials against sars-cov-2.

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] mortality was significantly lower in the ivermectin group (13.3% vs 24.5%; or, 0.47; 95% ci, 0.22-0.99; p < .05), an 11.2% (95% ci, 0.38%-22.1%) absolute risk reduction, with a number needed to treat of 8.9 (95% ci, 4.5-263).

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] ivermectin was shown to inhibit severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 replication in vitro, which has led to off-label use, but clinical efficacy has not been described previously.

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] mortality also was lower among ivermectin-treated patients with severe pulmonary involvement (38.8% vs 80.7%; or, 0.15; 95% ci, 0.05-0.47; p = .001).

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] univariate analysis showed lower mortality in the ivermectin group (15.0% vs 25.2%; or, 0.52; 95% ci, 0.29-0.96; p = .03).

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] ivermectin is a potential new vector control tool to reduce malaria transmission.

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] ivermectin treatment induced significantly higher an.

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] to our knowledge, these results suggest for the first time in humans, that ivermectin has a partial prophylactic effect on o. volvulus.

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] ivermectin has demonstrated broad spectrum antiviral activity against both dna and rna viruses.

Does ivermectin lower the risk of death in covid-19? [SEP] our modelling predictions suggest that ivermectin could be a valuable addition to the malaria control toolbox, both in areas with persistently high transmission where existing interventions are insufficient and in areas approaching elimination to prevent resurgence. |||

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] in mice, oral administration of green tea by-products reduced viral titers in the lungs in the early phase of infection, but they could not protect these animals from disease and death.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] this study revealed green tea by-product extracts to be a promising novel antiviral resource for animals.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] the goal of this study was to determine whether green tea by-products could function as an alternative to common antivirals in animals compared to original green tea.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] studies have suggested a benefit of consuming green tea in promoting general health and reducing the risk of certain diseases.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] studies have suggested that the consumption of green tea reduces the risk of cardiovascular diseases.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] consumption of green tea has been associated with health benefits against multiple diseases including cardiovascular diseases.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] against the h1n1 virus a/nws/33, we found the anti-influenza activity of green tea by-products (ec₅₀ = 6.36 µg/ml) to be equivalent to that of original green tea (ec₅₀= 6.72 µg/ml).

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] daily green tea drinking showed preventive effects on the progression of atherosclerosis.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] the anti-influenza activity of green tea by-products was further examined in mouse and chicken influenza infection models.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] green tea drinking has been proven to lower lipid and exert cardiovascular protection, while the potential mechanism has not been fully determined.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] polyphenolic compounds present in green tea, particularly catechins, are known to have strong anti-influenza activity.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] recently, we and others showed that the components of green tea may be useful cancer chemopreventive agents.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] studies have indicated that the consumption of green tea is associated with a reduced risk of developing certain forms of cancer and angiogenesis.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] we tried to elucidate whether or not green tea consumption may have these effects in vivo, which may be protective against atherosclerotic disease.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] this study was designed to determine whether the consumption of green tea is proportionately associated with a decreased incidence of coronary artery disease (cad) and the cardiovascular and cerebrovascular prognosis.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] green tea consumption has been inversely associated with cardiovascular disease (cvd) in epidemiological studies.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] green tea contains polyphenolic catechins which can act as antioxidants and thus decrease the risk for cardiovascular diseases.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] recent studies suggested that green tea has the potential to protect against diet-induced obesity.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] although a potential benefit of drinking green tea has been suggested to reduce the development of cardiovascular disease, no study has investigated the relationship between plasma tea catechin and risk of cardiovascular disease.

Can green tea protect against coronavirus infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] green tea consumption was associated with a lower incidence of cad in the present study population in japan. |||

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] introduction: data suggest a potential role for vitamin d in autism spectrum disorder (asd) prevention and treatment.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] our case report supports the hypothesis that vitamin d may be an effective treatment for developmental delay in autism.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] in addition, we review the literature surrounding vitamin d deficiency as a potential cause of autism spectrum disorder and the role that vitamin d may play in treatment.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] high prevalence of vitamin d deficiency was previously reported in children with autism spectrum disorder (asd), but little is known about the efficacy of vitamin d3 treatment in asd, although data from pilot studies seem promising.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] recent literature focused on vitamin d status in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder (asd), but with inconsistent results.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] to further investigate the relationship between vitamin d and asd symptoms in vitamin d-responsive autistic children, changes in symptoms were assessed in three children with asd who were given vitamin d3 supplementation followed by a long interruption.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] children with autism spectrum disorder have been found to have lower levels of vitamin d than their peers.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] the role of vitamin d and omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 lcpufa) in improving core symptoms of autism spectrum disorder (asd) in children has been investigated by a few randomised controlled trials and the results are mixed and inconclusive.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] there is strong mechanistic evidence to suggest that vitamin d and omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 lcpufas), specifically docosahexaenoic acid (dha), have the potential to significantly improve the symptoms of autism spectrum disorder (asd).

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] objective: the effect of vitamin d supplementation on the risk of autism spectrum disorder (asd) is conflicting.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] the aim of this study was to estimate the efficacy of vitamin d supplementation on asd in children.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] children with autism spectrum disorders (asd) have lower serum vitamin d and higher serotonin and interleukin (il)-6 levels compared with healthy children.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] supplementation of vitamin d3, which is a safe and cost-effective form of treatment, may significantly improve the outcome of some children with asd, especially younger children (identifier chictr-ccc-13004498).

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] these findings suggest that vitamin d supplementation may improve asd symptoms; however, more studies with longer duration are indispensable to confirm our results.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] methods: seventy-three new zealand children with asd (2.5-8.0 years) completed a 12-month randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of vitamin d (vid, 2000 iu/day), omega-3 lcpufa; (om, 722 mg/day docosahexaenoic acid), or both (vidom).

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] recent studies suggest that vitamin d3 or bumetanide therapy may improve the core symptoms of asd in some individuals.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] methods: we conducted a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (rcts) in which vitamin d supplementation was used as a therapy in children with asd.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] however, there are no trials that have measured the effect of both vitamin d and n-3 lcpufa supplementation on autism severity symptoms.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] also, we hypothesized that vitamin d3 treatment may be beneficial for a considerable portion of children with asd.

Does vitamin D alleviate autism symptoms in children? [SEP] clinical trials, including case reports, case-control studies, and a double-blinded randomized clinical study, have suggested that high-dose vitamin d3 regimens may ameliorate the core symptoms of asd. |||

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] glutathione (gsh) is known to play a role in cellular sensitivity to some chemotherapeutic agents and to radiation.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] intracellular glutathione (gsh) has been shown to play an important role in modulating the cellular response to many cytotoxic agents, including radiation and chemotherapeutic drugs.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] modulation of glutathione has been proposed as a mechanism to alter the efficacy and toxicity of chemotherapeutic agents.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] glutathione, the most important intracellular thiol, has been implicated in modulating tumor cell sensitivity to alkylating agents and cisplatin.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] although glutathione may have a role in modulating cisplatin cell sensitivity, it is unlikely that alteration in glutathione level and metabolism is a primary mechanism of cisplatin resistance in human tumors, since: a) no significant correlations were found between glutathione level and response to cisplatin treatment in a series of chemosensitive and chemoresistant human tumor xenografts; b) a marked increase in glutathione level might be responsible for cisplatin resistance but, in contrast to findings on cell systems selected in vitro for resistance, it is not a frequent event in human tumors.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] glutathione has been shown to be an effective chemoprotector against cisplatin-induced side effects in patients with ovarian cancer.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] glutathione (gsh) plays a crucial role in the protection of normal and tumor tissue against the toxic effects of numerous chemotherapeutic drugs.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] cellular glutathione (gsh) levels are related to the resistance of tumor cells to platinum and alkylating agents, and depletion of gsh may enhance the activity of these drugs.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] increases in the intracellular levels of glutathione (gsh) in cancer cells have been implicated in the development of acquired resistance to platinum antitumor agents.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] the fact that some drug-resistant cell lines have increased glutathione levels, and that enhancing gsh concentrations in animal tissues protects against a variety of xenobiotic agents, suggest a different potential approach to improving anti-cancer therapy.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] the intensity of hematologic toxicity was significantly less pronounced in patients treated with glutathione than in the control group (hemoglobin: 10.7 vs 9.5 mg% respectively, p = 0.039; white blood cell count 3.3 vs 2.2 x 103/microliter respectively, p = 0.004; platelets 167 vs 95 x 103/microliter respectively, p = 0.02), whereas in terms of non-hematologic toxicity no difference was observed.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] based on experimental and clinical studies indicating that reduced glutathione (gsh) is a protective agent against cisplatin-induced toxicity, a new high-dose regimen including gsh as a chemoprotector was designed in an attempt to improve the efficacy and therapeutic index of cisplatin.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] we investigated in vitro cytoenhancement of chemotherapy toxicity by reducing cellular glutathione levels with l-buthionine-[s,r]-sulfoximine (bso), and chemoprotection with small molecular weight sulfur-containing agents that mimic or replace glutathione.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to find out whether the glutathione (gsh), in red blood cells could predict the response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy cisplatin/5-fluorouracil (cddp/5-fu) in patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (hnscc).

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] glutathione content and related enzyme activities were assessed in a series of human tumor xenografts representative of responsive (i.e., small-cell lung cancer and ovarian carcinoma) and resistant tumor types (i.e., non-small-cell lung cancer and colorectal carcinoma), in an attempt to establish a correlation with response to cisplatin treatment.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] to clarify the role of glutathione (gsh) in the chemotherapy resistance of ovarian carcinoma, the authors examined the expression of glutathione s-transferase-pi (gst-pi) and the concentration of glutathione in tumors before and after chemotherapy in the same patients.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] reduced glutathione (gsh) is generally administered for patients with cancer to reduce the side-effects of anti-cancer drugs.

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] tumor cell resistance to many chemotherapeutic agents, including alkylating agents, cisplatin, and doxorubicin, is frequently associated with increased intracellular levels of the nonprotein sulfhydryl glutathione (gsh).

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] recent studies have reported that an elevated intracellular glutathione (gsh) level is associated with resistance of non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc) cell lines to cisplatin (cddp).

Does glutathione improve the tolerability of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] glutathione (gsh) is a sulfur-containing nucleophile that protects against cisplatin-induced renal toxicity without reducing the antitumor activity of the cytotoxic agent. |||

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] this study aimed at investigating the efficacy and tolerability of l-carnosine as an add-on to risperidone in the management of children with autism.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] after 8 weeks on l-carnosine, children showed statistically significant improvements on the gilliam autism rating scale (total score and the behavior, socialization, and communication subscales) and the receptive one-word picture vocabulary test (all p < .05).

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] there is a paucity of data about the effectiveness of l-carnosine in the management of autism spectrum disorder (asd) in children.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] this study aimed at investigating the effectiveness of l-carnosine as adjunctive therapy in the management of asd.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] we investigated 31 children with autistic spectrum disorders in an 8-week, double-blinded study to determine if 800 mg l-carnosine daily would result in observable changes versus placebo.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] although no significant difference was detected on the irritability subscale scores, l-carnosine add-on can improve hyperactivity/noncompliance subscales of the abc-c rating scale in patients with asd.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] supplementation of l-carnosine did not improve the total score of cars2-st, atec, bears sleep screening tool and 6-gsi scores of children with asd.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] some open-label studies suggest that risperidone can be useful in the treatment of certain target symptoms in children with autism.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] further investigations are needed with more objective assessments to critically validate the effectiveness of l-carnosine on asd children for more decisive results.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] although the mechanism of action of l-carnosine is not well understood, it may enhance neurologic function, perhaps in the enterorhinal or temporal cortex.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] we aimed to study whether the use of risperidone in comparison with placebo improved functioning in children with autism with regard to behavior (aggressiveness, hyperactivity, irritability), social and emotional responsiveness, and communication skills.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] l-carnosine, a dipeptide, can enhance frontal lobe function or be neuroprotective.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] children aged 3-6 years with a diagnosis of mild to moderate asd were assigned to standard care arm (occupational and speech therapy) and intervention care arm (l-carnosine, 10-15 mg/kg in 2 divided doses) plus standard care treatment.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] we conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial with 40 consecutive children with autism, whose ages ranged from 2 to 9 years, who were receiving either risperidone or placebo given orally at a dose of 1 mg/day for 6 months.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] the authors report on whether risperidone improves the core symptoms of autism, social and communication impairment and repetitive and stereotyped behavior.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] in the risperidone group, 12 of 19 children showed improvement in the total childhood autism rating scale score and 17 of 19 children in the children's global assessment scale score compared with 0 of 20 children for the childhood autism rating scale score and 2 of 20 children for the children's global assessment scale score in the placebo group (p < .001 and p = .035, respectively).

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] risperidone improved global functioning and social responsiveness while reducing hyperactivity and aggression in children with autism and was well tolerated.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] clomipramine, haloperidol, and placebo were compared with baseline in the treatment of autism, and overall outcome, specific symptoms, and side effects were examined.

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] the children were assessed at the baseline and the end of 2 months for the scores of childhood autism rating scale, second edition-standard version (cars2-st), autism treatment evaluation checklist (atec), bears sleep screening tool and 6-item gastrointestinal severity index (6-gsi).

Does carnosine relieve autism symptoms in children? [SEP] risperidone has been found efficacious for decreasing severe tantrums, aggression, and self-injurious behavior in children and adolescents with autistic disorder (autism). |||

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] current evidence suggests that echinacea supplementation may decrease the duration and severity of acute respiratory tract infections; however, no studies using echinacea in the prevention or treatment of conditions similar to covid-19 have been identified.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] echinacea supplementation may assist with the symptoms of acute respiratory infections (ari) and the common cold, particularly when administered at the first sign of infection; however, no studies using echinacea in the prevention or treatment of conditions similar to covid-19 have been identified.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] no human trials could be located reporting evidence of cytokine storm when echinacea was used for up to 4 months.when assessing all human trials which reported changes in cytokine levels in response to echinacea supplementation, the results were largely consistent with a decrease in the pro-inflammatory cytokines that play a role in the progression of cytokine storm and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ards), factors that play a significant role in the death of covid-19 patients.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] echinacea is an herbal supplement commonly used as an immune system stimulant to prevent infections, such as the common cold or flu.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] because echinacea can increase immune function, there is a concern that it could worsen over-activation of the immune system in cytokine storm; however, clinical trials show that echinacea decreases levels of immune molecules involved in cytokine storm.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] previous studies have reported that echinacea may decrease the severity and/or duration of ari when taken at the onset of symptoms.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] we investigated whether hydroxychloroquine could prevent sars cov-2 in healthcare workers at high-risk of exposure.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] we investigated whether hydroxychloroquine could prevent sars-cov-2 in healthcare workers at high risk of exposure.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] echinacea has been documented as a cyctochrome p450 (cyp) 3a4 inhibitor in vitro, but no formal studies have been conducted in humans.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] while there is currently no research on the therapeutic effects of echinacea in the management of cytokine storm, this evidence suggests that further research is warranted.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] it has been speculated that some drugs can be used against sars-cov-2.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) is a rapidly emerging virus causing the ongoing covid-19 pandemic with no known effective prophylaxis.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) is a rapidly emerging virus causing the ongoing covid-19 pandemic with no known effective prophylaxis.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] background: there are no known medicines or vaccines to control the covid-19 pandemic caused by sars-cov-2 (ncov).

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] antiviral peptides are superior to conventional drugs and may also be effective against covid-19.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] sars-cov-2-specific antibodies, particularly those preventing viral spike receptor binding domain (rbd) interaction with host angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ace2) receptor, could offer protective immunity, and may affect clinical outcomes of covid-19 patients.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] in addition to the all important public health measures needed to prevent the spread of this disease, a number of strategies related to our exposome are recommended herein, to better prevent and mitigate the effects of a sars-cov-2 infection through enhancement of our immune system and reduction of inflammation.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] the covid-19 pandemic caused by sars-cov-2 threatens global public health, and there is an urgent public health need to assess acquired immunity to sars-cov-2.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] the studies reporting benefit used e. purpurea or a combination of e. purpurea and e. angustifolia containing standardized amounts of active constituents.few adverse events from the use of echinacea were reported, suggesting that this herbal therapy is reasonably safe.

Can echinacea protect against Sars-CoV-2 infection or help treat covid-19? [SEP] we report the first possible drug-herbal interaction between echinacea and etoposide. |||

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] apricot seeds due to the presence of cyanogenic glycoside amygdalin belong to the popular "alternative cancer cures", although anticancer effect of amygdalin remains controversial.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] however, studies confirm that amygdalin has antitumor properties, including the ability to inhibit the proliferation of cancer cells and to induce their apoptosis.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] the results suggest a potential application of amygdalin as a chemopreventive agent to prevent or alleviate progression of breast cancer, especially tnbc.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] amygdalin is a cyanogenic glycoside, mainly present in the seeds of the rosaceae family such as apricots, peaches, and bitter almond.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] amygdalin (vitamin b-17) is a naturally occurring vitamin found in the seeds of the fruits of prunus rosacea family including apricot, bitter almond, cherry, and peach.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] in the present study, we prepared the aqueous extract of the amygdalin from armeniacae semen and investigated whether this extract induces apoptotic cell death in human du145 and lncap prostate cancer cells.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] derived from rosaceous plant seed, amygdalin belongs to aromatic cyanogenic glycoside group, and its anticancer effects have been supported by mounting evidence.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] therefore, present study was intended with the aim to investigate the alleged anti-cancerous effects of amygdalin specifically on pi3k-akt-mtor and ras pathways of cancer in human body.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] amygdalin is a major component of the seeds of rosaceae family of plants such as apricots, peaches, cherry, nectarines, apples, plums, and so on, as well as almonds.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] the cyanogenic diglucoside amygdalin, derived from rosaceae kernels, is employed by many patients as an alternative anti-cancer treatment.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] our findings suggest that amygdalin might have an anticancer effect due to the various gene expressions in a549, mcf7, and ags human cancer cells, showing it's potential as a natural therapeutic anticancer drug.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] amygdalin is a plant glucoside isolated from the stones of rosaceous fruits, such as apricots, peaches, almond, cherries, and plums.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] mounting evidence has supported the anti-cancer effects of amygdalin.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] amygdalin is a cyanogenic glycoside which is described as a naturally occurring anticancer agent.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] the present study reveals that amygdalin may offer a valuable option for the treatment of prostate cancers.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] taken together, this study demonstrates that amygdalin induces apoptosis and inhibits adhesion of breast cancer cells.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] current review highlights apoptosis-inducing attributes of amygdalin towards different cancers and its potential application as an anti-cancer agent in cancer therapy.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] amygdalin is a natural anti-cancer agent, which can be used for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] in the present study, the inhibitory effect of amygdalin on the growth of renal cell carcinoma (rcc) cells was examined.

Does amygdalin, the toxin from the seeds of apricots and other stone fruits, help against cancer? [SEP] amygdalin a naturally occurring compound, predominantly in the bitter kernels of apricot, almond, apple and other members of rosaceae family. |||

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] to assess the effect of ginkgo biloba in patients who are troubled by tinnitus.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] there are a number of reports in the literature suggesting that ginkgo biloba may be effective in the management of tinnitus.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] background ginkgo biloba extract egb 761® and pentoxifylline are frequently prescribed for the treatment of tinnitus.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] in earlier clinical trials, ginkgo biloba extract egb 761® was found to alleviate tinnitus and dizziness in elderly patients.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] in conclusion, egb 761(®), a standardized ginkgo biloba extract, is an evidence-based treatment option in tinnitus.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] there was no evidence that ginkgo biloba was effective for the primary complaint of tinnitus.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] ginkgo biloba l (ginkgoaceae) is a traditional herbal medicinal plant for the treatment of mild to moderate cognitive disorders, tinnitus, and dementia.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] the limited evidence did not demonstrate that ginkgo biloba was effective for tinnitus which is a primary complaint.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] ginkgo biloba is a plant extract used to alleviate symptoms associated with cognitive deficits, e.g., decreased memory performance, lack of concentration, decreased alertness, tinnitus, and dizziness.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] one of the frequently prescribed treatments is ginkgo biloba extract.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] ginkgo biloba is commonly used in the treatment of early-stage alzheimer's disease, vascular dementia, peripheral claudication, and tinnitus of vascular origin.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] there was no reliable evidence to address the question of ginkgo biloba for tinnitus associated with cerebral insufficiency.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] extract of ginkgo biloba egb 761 has been used in the treatment of various common geriatric complaints including vertigo, short-term memory loss, hearing loss, lack of attention, vigilance and cerebral vascular disorder.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] pharmacologic studies have shown that the therapeutic effect of ginkgo is based on several active constituents with vasoactive and free radical-scavenging properties.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] it has been empirically known that ginkgo extract is useful for reducing many symptoms associated with cerebral blood flow (cbf) insufficiency, but its mechanisms have been uncertain.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] the pharmacologic advantage of ginkgo seems to be a very tolerable side-effect profile, with a side-effect frequency at the placebo level.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] ginkgo biloba, an extract of the ginkgo tree, may prevent or lessen symptoms of acute mountain sickness in humans.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] based on these studies, we decided to assess the effectiveness of ginkgo biloba extract (ginko t.d., tolidaru, iran) as an adjunctive agent to risperidone in the treatment of autism.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] a positive difference is in favor of ginkgo.

Can ginkgo extract relieve the symptoms of tinnitus? [SEP] the present results suggest that ginkgo extract contains a substance which increases normal cbf and reduces ischemic brain damage. |||

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] in earlier clinical trials, ginkgo biloba extract egb 761® was found to alleviate tinnitus and dizziness in elderly patients.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] there are a number of reports in the literature suggesting that ginkgo biloba may be effective in the management of tinnitus.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] to assess the effect of ginkgo biloba in patients who are troubled by tinnitus.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] ginkgo biloba leaf extracts (gles) are popular herbal remedies for the treatment of alzheimer's dementia, tinnitus, vertigo and peripheral arterial disease.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] ginkgo biloba l (ginkgoaceae) is a traditional herbal medicinal plant for the treatment of mild to moderate cognitive disorders, tinnitus, and dementia.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] ginkgo biloba is commonly used in the treatment of early-stage alzheimer's disease, vascular dementia, peripheral claudication, and tinnitus of vascular origin.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] previous studies have suggested the clinical efficacy of ginkgo in patients with dementia, cerebral insufficiency, or related cognitive decline.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] multiple trials investigating the efficacy of ginkgo for treating cerebrovascular disease and dementia have been performed, and systematic reviews suggest the herb can improve the symptoms of dementia.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] in conclusion, egb 761(®), a standardized ginkgo biloba extract, is an evidence-based treatment option in tinnitus.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] ginkgo biloba is a plant extract used to alleviate symptoms associated with cognitive deficits, e.g., decreased memory performance, lack of concentration, decreased alertness, tinnitus, and dizziness.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] there was no evidence that ginkgo biloba was effective for the primary complaint of tinnitus.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] the limited evidence did not demonstrate that ginkgo biloba was effective for tinnitus which is a primary complaint.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] extract of ginkgo biloba egb 761 has been used in the treatment of various common geriatric complaints including vertigo, short-term memory loss, hearing loss, lack of attention, vigilance and cerebral vascular disorder.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] the use of ginkgo extract in either dementias of the alzheimer or multi-infarct type or in the case of cerebral insufficiency, a symptom complex related to age-dependent impairment of cerebral circulation, is based mainly on positive results from good-quality placebo-controlled studies that enrolled approximately 1,200 patients with criteria established by international classification of diseases (9th and 10th revisions, icd-9 and icd-10) or the 3rd revision of the diagnostic and statistical manual (dsm-iii-r) (uncomplicated dementia).

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] tinnitus and dizziness are frequent in old age and often seen as concomitant symptoms in patients with dementia.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] clinical trials report that ginkgo biloba extracts (e.g., egb761) reduce cognitive symptoms in age-associated memory impairment and dementia, including alzheimer disease (ad).

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] based on compelling experimental and clinical evidence, ginkgo biloba l. exerts a beneficial effect in ameliorating mild to moderate dementia in patients with alzheimer&rsquo;s disease (ad) and other neurological disorders, although the pharmacological mechanisms remain unknown.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] the herbal remedy ginkgo biloba is promoted as a treatment for a variety of ailments including memory loss and dementia, poor concentration and mood, glaucoma, 'cerebral insufficiency' and 'peripheral circulatory disturbances'.

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] although ginkgo is commonly used as an alternative treatment for memory loss, alzheimer's dementia and peripheral circulatory disturbances, it is also known to cause neuronal symptoms due to ginkgotoxin (4'-methoxypyridoxine or b6 antivitamin).

Do remedies with ginkgo help against tinnitus in people with dementia? [SEP] ginkgo leaf is the most used form of supplement for cognitive ailments. |||

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] garlic reduces the risk of some diseases.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] the results indicate that garlic affects these beneficial bacteria in a manner similar to that exhibited in pathogens.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] we have recently shown that garlic exhibits antibacterial activity against bifidobacteria.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] we have recently shown that garlic exhibits antibacterial activity against probiotic bifidobacteria.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] it is now known that garlic contains chemical constituents with antibiotic, lipid-lowering, detoxification, and other medicinal effects in the body.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] this study evaluated the inhibitory effects of garlic extract on ibv.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] garlic has been used as a traditional medicine to treat various diseases.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] epidemiologic studies suggest that garlic may have beneficial effects on risk factors associated with cardiovascular disease (cvd).

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] although numerous studies supporting the alleged garlic effects on pathogens are available, there are limited studies to prove this claim for beneficial bacteria.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] garlic has been used as a traditional medicine for prevention and treatment of cardiovascular diseases.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] garlic is a plant has been used as a flavor, and anti-microbial and anti-diarrheal agent.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] garlic has also been found to have synergistic effects against helicobacter pylori with a proton pump inhibitor.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] using direct pre-infection incubation assays, we determined the in vitro virucidal effects of fresh garlic extract, its polar fraction, and the following garlic associated compounds: diallyl thiosulfinate (allicin), allyl methyl thiosulfinate, methyl allyl thiosulfinate, ajoene, alliin, deoxyalliin, diallyl disulfide, and diallyl trisulfide.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] garlic has been suggested to affect several cardiovascular risk factors.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] it is generally reported that garlic (allium sativum) harms pathogenic but not beneficial bacteria.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] multiple components present in garlic and various garlic preparations are known to exert pleiotropic protective effects as demonstrated in various in vitro and in vivo model systems.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] this paper discusses the promises and pitfalls of garlic for the treatment of cancer.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] the beneficial effect of garlic on cardiovascular disease is well known.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] there has been much research on the effects of garlic (allium sativum) on numerous pathogens, but very few, if any, studies on its effect on beneficial, probiotic bifidobacteria.

Does garlic protect against corona infections? [SEP] this protective effect is due to the organosulfur compounds of garlic. |||

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] in this study, we investigated whether short-term heating affects the anti-inflammatory properties of garlic.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] importantly, garlic has been suggested to have both cancer-preventive potential as well as significant enhancing effects on the immune system.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] garlic is a folk medicine known for its multiple physiological activities, but the neuro-modulatory effect of garlic against psychological stress has rarely been explored.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] garlic has a variety of biologic activities, including anti-inflammatory properties.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] garlic has long been used for medicinal purposes.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] in this review, we assess the most recent experimental results, which indicate that garlic appears to enhance the functioning of the immune system by stimulating certain cell types, such as macrophages, lymphocytes, natural killer (nk) cells, dendritic cells, and eosinophils, by mechanisms including modulation of cytokine secretion, immunoglobulin production, phagocytosis, and macrophage activation.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] this article reviews some of the physiological characteristics of garlic and examines the relationship between garlic and cancer prevention and treatment.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] it is now known that garlic contains chemical constituents with antibiotic, lipid-lowering, detoxification, and other medicinal effects in the body.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] garlic (allium sativum) has been used for centuries as a prophylactic and therapeutic medicinal agent.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] we hypothesize that garlic rather elicits anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative responses that aid in priming the organism towards eradication of an emerging tumor.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] multiple components present in garlic and various garlic preparations are known to exert pleiotropic protective effects as demonstrated in various in vitro and in vivo model systems.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] garlic (allium sativum) has had an important dietary and medicinal role for centuries.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] the current study was conducted to determine the potential antipsychological stress effect of low temperature-aged garlic (ltag).

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] the benefits of garlic to health have been proclaimed for centuries; however, only recently have allium sativum and its derivatives been proposed as promising candidates for maintaining the homeostasis of the immune system.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] it has been shown that different forms of garlic have significant antioxidant effects.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] several lines of epidemiological study indicate that the risk of a certain cancer can be prevented by consumption of garlic.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] here we provide an overview of the chemistry of the major garlic organosulfur compounds, summarize the current understanding and propose a link between the immunomodulating activity of garlic and the prevention of cancer.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] garlic has been used as a traditional medicine for prevention and treatment of cardiovascular diseases.

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] the protective effect of garlic has been ascribed to the presence of organosulphur compounds (osc).

Does garlic protect against a cold (chill)?? [SEP] garlic (allium sativum l.) is an economically important vegetable crop which is used worldwide for culinary and medicinal purposes. |||

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] although there is limited evidence to support treating adhd with mineral/vitamin supplements, research does exist showing that patients with adhd may have reduced levels of vitamin d, zinc, ferritin, and magnesium.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] the aim of this study was to explore the relationship of zinc nutrition to the severity of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd) symptoms in a middle-class american sample with well-diagnosed adhd.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] although children with adhd may be more likely to have lower levels of vitamin d, zinc, magnesium, and iron, it cannot be stated that these lower levels caused adhd.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] regarding to the role of the zinc in the metabolism of the central nervous system and the correlation of zinc supplementation in the treatment of any attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd) symptoms, this study was conducted to evaluate the complementary effects of this nutrient.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] these findings add to accumulating evidence for a possible role of zinc in adhd, even for middle-class americans, and, for the first time, suggest a special relationship to inattentive symptoms.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] a positive influence of magnesium in the prevention and treatment of hyperactivity in children is more and more frequently raised in the literature.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] this study aimed to investigate the trace element status of zinc (zn), copper (cu), iron (fe), magnesium (mg), and lead (pb) in children with adhd, and to compare them with normal controls.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] the present results indicated that there were alterations in blood levels of zinc, which was associated with the symptom scores of adhd.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] the aim of our work was to estimate magnesium contents in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, (adhd).

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] zinc levels were correlated (pearson's and multiple regression) with adhd symptom ratings.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] children 5-10 years of age with disc- and clinician-diagnosed adhd had serum zinc determinations and parent and teacher ratings of adhd symptoms.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] the conclusion from the investigations is that magnesium deficiency in children with adhd occurs more frequently than in healthy children.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] as an adjuvant for medication, dietary changes focused on specific nutrients have been proposed to prevent or reduce attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd) symptoms.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] previous reports of zinc in adhd, including two positive clinical trials of supplementation, have come mainly from countries and cultures with different diets and/or socioeconomic realities.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] zinc supplements reduce childhood morbidity in populations in whom zinc deficiency is common.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] some trace elements may participate in the pathogenesis of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd).

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] magnesium deficiency was found in 95 per cent of those examined, most frequently in hair (77.6 per cent), in red blood cells (58.6 per cent) and in blood serum (33.6 per cent) of children with adhd.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] this study shows that dietary supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids reduces symptoms of adhd, both for individuals with adhd and typically developing children.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] lower zinc levels (p < 0.001) and the number out of normal ranges (p = 0.015) were found in children with adhd when compared with the normal control group.

Do dietary supplements with magnesium and/or zinc improve symptoms in children with ADHD? [SEP] the aim of this paper is to discuss the role of each of these nutrients in the brain, the possible altered levels of these nutrients in patients with adhd, possible reasons for a differential level in children with adhd, and safety and effect of supplementation. |||

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] in adults with common cold virus infections, direct local administration of carrageenan with nasal sprays reduced the duration of cold symptoms.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] carrageenans have shown to reduce the viral load in nasal secretions and lower the incidence of secondary infections in children with common cold.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] this study investigated the efficacy of a carrageenan-containing nasal spray on the duration of the common cold and nasal fluid viral load in adult patients.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] carrageenan nasal spray appeared as an effective treatment of common cold in children and adults.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] administration of iota-carrageenan nasal spray reduced the symptoms of common cold (p = 0.046) and the viral load in nasal lavages (p = 0.009) in patients with early symptoms of common cold.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] administration of carrageenan nasal spray in children as well as in adults suffering from virus-confirmed common cold reduced duration of disease, increased viral clearance and reduced relapses of symptoms.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] this study investigated the efficacy and safety of an iota-carrageenan nasal spray in patients with common cold symptoms.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] iota-carrageenan nasal spray appears to be a promising treatment for safe and effective treatment of early symptoms of common cold.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] clinical trials applying iota-carrageenan nasal spray have previously shown to reduce duration of virus-confirmed common cold.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] we investigate the effect of different carrageenans on the sinonasal epithelial barrier and inflammatory response in vitro.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled exploratory trial, 35 human subjects suffering from early symptoms of common cold received iota-carrageenan (0.12%) in a saline solution three times daily for 4 days, compared to placebo.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] iota-carrageenan has previously shown antiviral effectiveness against cold viruses in clinical trials.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] carrageenan nasal spray showed significant antiviral efficacy in all three virus subgroups, the highest effectiveness was observed in human corona virus-infected patients.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] individual patient data were analyzed from two randomized double blind placebo controlled trials assessing the therapeutic effectiveness of carrageenan nasal spray in acute common cold.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] application was performed three times daily with either a carrageenan-supplemented nasal spray or saline solution as placebo with an overall observation period of 21 days.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] in this study, the safety and efficacy of a novel hypertonic seawater solution for nasal lavage enriched with hyaluronic acids, eucalyptus oil, copper, and manganese salts (stérimar stop & protect cold and flu; sspcf) have been investigated in vitro.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] according to patients' subjective assessment, the combination of lysozyme chloride and cetylpyridinium chloride in a formulation of spray can quickly, efficiently and safely resolve the symptoms of acute tonsillopharyngitis associated with common cold.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] iota-carrageenan is broadly active against respiratory viruses in-vitro and has an excellent safety profile.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] in patients showing a laboratory-confirmed cold virus infection and adherence to the protocol, alleviation of symptoms was 2.1 days faster in the carrageenan group in comparison to placebo (p = 0.037).

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae relieve discomfort from a cold ("chill")? [SEP] hypnea cervicornis agglutinin (hca), a lectin isolated from the red marine alga has been previously shown to have an antinociceptive effect. |||

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] carrageenan nasal spray appeared as an effective treatment of common cold in children and adults.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] this study investigated the efficacy of a carrageenan-containing nasal spray on the duration of the common cold and nasal fluid viral load in adult patients.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] carrageenans have shown to reduce the viral load in nasal secretions and lower the incidence of secondary infections in children with common cold.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] in adults with common cold virus infections, direct local administration of carrageenan with nasal sprays reduced the duration of cold symptoms.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] administration of carrageenan nasal spray in children as well as in adults suffering from virus-confirmed common cold reduced duration of disease, increased viral clearance and reduced relapses of symptoms.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] this study investigated the efficacy and safety of an iota-carrageenan nasal spray in patients with common cold symptoms.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] administration of iota-carrageenan nasal spray reduced the symptoms of common cold (p = 0.046) and the viral load in nasal lavages (p = 0.009) in patients with early symptoms of common cold.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] iota-carrageenan nasal spray appears to be a promising treatment for safe and effective treatment of early symptoms of common cold.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] clinical trials applying iota-carrageenan nasal spray have previously shown to reduce duration of virus-confirmed common cold.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled exploratory trial, 35 human subjects suffering from early symptoms of common cold received iota-carrageenan (0.12%) in a saline solution three times daily for 4 days, compared to placebo.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] individual patient data were analyzed from two randomized double blind placebo controlled trials assessing the therapeutic effectiveness of carrageenan nasal spray in acute common cold.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] iota-carrageenan has previously shown antiviral effectiveness against cold viruses in clinical trials.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] application was performed three times daily with either a carrageenan-supplemented nasal spray or saline solution as placebo with an overall observation period of 21 days.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] we investigate the effect of different carrageenans on the sinonasal epithelial barrier and inflammatory response in vitro.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] carrageenan nasal spray showed significant antiviral efficacy in all three virus subgroups, the highest effectiveness was observed in human corona virus-infected patients.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] the present study demonstrated that larch arabinogalactan increased the body's potential to defend against common cold infection.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] in a placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomized clinical trial, the effect of a proprietary larch arabinogalactan preparation on the incidences of common colds and its effect on cold symptoms, as a well established model for immune function, was compared to placebo.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] larch arabinogalactan (resistaid * ) may prevent cold infections due to its immune-stimulatory properties.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] a total of 199 healthy participants who had a self reported cold infection rate of three in 6 months were randomly assigned to receive a total of either 4.5 g of an arabinogalactan preparation (n = 101) or placebo (n = 98) over a period of 12 weeks.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent colds? [SEP] iota-carrageenan is broadly active against respiratory viruses in-vitro and has an excellent safety profile. |||

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] methylsulfonylmethane (msm) is a commonly used diet supplement believed to decrease the inflammation in joints and fastens recovery in osteoarthritis, gastric mucosal injury, or obesity-related disorders.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] it was also suggested that msm might play a beneficial role in cancer treatment.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] mg and vc supplementation could synergistically alleviate saon in rats, indicating great translational potentials of metallic minerals for preventing saon.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] the sulfur-containing compound methylsulfonylmethane (msm) has been used as a dietary supplement for a variety of reported health benefits.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] in addition, mg supplementation improved neurobehavioral, electrophysiological functions, enhanced regeneration marker, and reduced deposits of inflammatory cells as well as expression of inflammatory cytokines.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] the present scientific opinion deals with the assessment of the bioavailability of magnesium, from the proposed nutrient source, magnesium citrate malate (mgcm), when added for nutritional purposes to food supplements.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] msm has been shown to reduce oxidative stress and inflammation, as well as exhibit apoptotic or anti-apoptotic effects depending on the cell type or activating stimuli.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] methylsulfonylmethane (msm) is an organic sulfur-containing compound which has been used as a dietary supplement for osteoarthritis.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] so far, the msm might have a potentially beneficial effect in endometrial cancer (ec) treatment.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] one publication provided in the dossier reported that supplementation with mgcm decreases calcium absorption, but this finding was not supported by publications on different magnesium salts and therefore the panel could not draw conclusions from this finding.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] methylsulfonylmethane (msm) is a naturally occurring sulfur containing substance that has been shown to have anti-inflammatory and antioxidative properties.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] previous studies using msm as an oral supplement to improve pain in those patients with knee osteoarthritis have shown superiority compared to placebo.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] mgcm is a mixed salt consisting of magnesium cations and citrate and malate anions, and with a magnesium content of 12-15%.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] structural features set an opportunity to chelate metal ions and enhance the therapeutics in a specified direction.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] magnesium (mg) supplements have been shown to significantly improve functional recovery in various neurological disorders.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] mg and vc supplementation synergistically reduced the apoptosis of osteocytes and osteoclast number, and increased osteoblast surface.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] the product is a potent ingredient for producing dermal magnesium products.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] moringa oleifera leaf (ml) is rich in vitamins and minerals, specially abundant calcium, therefore it is widely used as a calcium supplement for food.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] despite its widespread use as a home remedy, relatively few trials evaluated its benefits in nephro protection.

Can the "Miracle Mineral Supplement" MMS (sodium chlorite) cure diseases or alleviate ailments? [SEP] the most effective dose across all measurements was daily consumption of 3 g of msm, which significantly decreased all nasal symptoms (nasal obstruction, rhinorrhea, watery or itchy eyes and nose, and sneezing) and further was found to significantly (p=.01) increase pnif. |||

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] this paper reviews currently available data on the novel coronavirus and clinical features of covid-19, followed by a detailed section on possible modifications of immunomodulatory therapy in multiple sclerosis patients with covid-19, based on what we know so far.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] coronavirus disease 19 (covid-19) poses a huge threat to health systems and economies worldwide.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] the ongoing coronavirus disease 19 (covid-19) is posing a threat to the public health globally.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] the findings have potential implications for early identification of covid-19 and effective strategies to mitigate infectious risk during emergency care.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] early identification and proper management of patients with covid-19 are important.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] the rapid, easy-to-use sars-cov-2 igg/igm combined antibody test kit has a superior performance, which can help with accurate diagnosis and thus timely treatment and isolation of covid-19 patients, that contributes to the better control of the global pandemic.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] there are discussed: (i) the covid-19 disease (epidemiological background sars-cov-1 coronavirus; autoimmune response to covid-19; asymptomatic course; sars-cov-2 test; covid-19 symptoms), (ii) treatment of covid-19 (experimental plasma treatment; antiviral therapy; antimalarial treatment scheme; biological treatment; corticosteroid treatment; symptomatic treatment; vaccine preparation) and (iii) multiple sclerosis and sars-cov-2 infection (epidemiological recommendation).

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] since, the mpro enzyme plays key roles in mediating viral replication and transcription; therefore, it is considered as an attractive drug target to control sars-cov-2 infection.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) caused by the novel coronavirus has become a public health emergency of international concern.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) is a highly infectious disease caused by the new coronavirus.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) is a major public health emergency with obvious characteristics of human-to-human transmission, and there are infective asymptomatic carriers.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] the ability to identify patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) in the prehospital emergency setting could inform strategies for infection control and use of personal protective equipment.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] early covid-19 detection among healthcare workers (hcws) is crucial for protecting patients and the healthcare workforce.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] among the various treatment proposals for covid-19 infection, passive immunotherapy using plasma from recovering patients - "convalescent plasma" (cp)- could be a promising option in the treatment of sars-cov-2 infections.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] health care personnel (hcp) caring for patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) might be at high risk for contracting sars-cov-2, the virus that causes covid-19.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] the covid-19 pandemic, which results from infection with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2), presents important diagnostic challenges.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) is an infectious disease, caused by a newly emerged highly pathogenic virus called novel severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2).

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] several clinical trials are underway to test the effectiveness of hyperimmune plasma at various stages of sars-cov2.the food and drug administration (fda), the u.s. regulatory authority, has approved the use of cp for compassionate use in the treatment of patients with a critical covid-19 infection.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] containing coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) through case investigation and contact tracing is a crucial strategy for governmental public health agencies to control the spread of covid-19 infection in the united states.

Does MMS help with an infection with the coronavirus (Covid-19)? [SEP] the novel coronavirus is formally named sars-cov-2 and the clinical disease state resulting from an infection is known as covid-19. |||

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] colloidal silver has been used as an antimicrobial and disinfectant agent.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] the goal of this study was to further evaluate the antimicrobial efficacy of colloidal silver.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] silver ions have been widely used as an effective water disinfectant or antimicrobial material for many decades.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] silver in ionic or nanoparticle forms has a high antimicrobial activity and is therefore widely used for various sterilization purposes including materials of medical devices and water sanitization.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] there has been a recent surge in the use of silver as an antimicrobial agent in a wide range of domestic and clinical products, intended to prevent or treat bacterial infections and reduce bacterial colonization of surfaces.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] the study data support ionic colloidal silver as a broad-spectrum antimicrobial agent against aerobic and anaerobic bacteria, while having a more limited and specific spectrum of activity against fungi.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] the antibacterial action of silver is utilized in numerous consumer products and medical devices.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] a synergistic effect between cationic silver and uv radiation (silver-uv disinfection) has been observed that can appreciably enhance inactivation of viruses.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] with the emergence of nanotechnology, silver can be shaped into nanoparticles which have been found to possess superb antimicrobial activities.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] additionally, silver has been used in water and air filtration to eliminate microorganisms, and, more recently, as a biocide to prevent infections in burns.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] silver has been used for years in medicine; it has known antimicrobial properties.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] the state of research on the effect of silver on bacteria, cells, and higher organisms is summarized.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] silver has a long history of use as a disinfectant.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] despite poor evidence of their effectiveness, colloidal silver and silver nanoparticles are increasingly being promoted for treating potentially contaminated drinking water in low income countries.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] on the other hand, silver nanoparticles could provide cutaneous protection against infection, due to their ability to liberate silver ions via a slow release mechanism, and their broad-spectrum antimicrobial action.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] these results have important implications for the deployment of silver as an antimicrobial agent in environments exposed to biological tissue or secretions.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] silver has demonstrated great efficacy against a broad range of microorganisms, but there is very little data about the systemic absorption and toxicity of silver in vivo.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] silver is commonly used as an antibacterial agent, e.g., in various medical applications, and the availability of silver nanoparticles (agnp) has fueled this development.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] silver nanoparticles are known to have antimicrobial properties and have been used extensively in medicine, although the mechanism(s) of action have not yet been clearly established.

Does colloidal silver ("silver water") work against infection with the coronavirus or other pathogens? Does it have any other health benefits? [SEP] it is known that silver has microbicidal qualities; even at a low concentration, silver is active against many kinds of bacteria. |||

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] a considerable volume of evidence has accumulated to suggest that whole-body vibration (wbv) may have a therapeutic role to play in the prevention of osteoporotic fracture, particularly for individuals who are unable to tolerate vigorous exercise interventions.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] whole-body vibration (wbv) has been recently proposed as a potential alternative to bone stimulation, which combined with therapies, could provide a new treatment for osteoporosis prevention.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] high frequency, low-amplitude whole-body vibration (wbv) has been proposed as a treatment for osteoporosis because it can stimulate new bone formation and prevent trabecular bone loss.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] our goal was to observe the effect of brief low- and higher intensity whole body vibration on risk factors for hip fracture in postmenopausal women.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] whole-body vibration (wbv) is a new nonpharmacological approach to counteract osteoporosis.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] whole body vibration (wbv) is receiving increasing interest as an anti-osteoporotic prevention strategy.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] whole body vibration appears as a potential effective and innocuous means for increasing bone formation and strength, which is particularly attractive for treating the growing skeleton of children suffering from brittle bone disease or low bone density pathologies without the long term disadvantages of current pharmacological therapies.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] recent animal studies have given evidence that vibration loading may be an efficient and safe way to improve mass and mechanical competence of bone, thus providing great potential for preventing and treating osteoporosis.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] whole-body vibration (wbv) has been shown to be osteogenic in animal models; however, its application in humans is not clear.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] whole body vibration is a potential therapy for age-related loss of musculoskeletal competence.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] vibration has improved bone in animal models, but evidence in humans is limited.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] eight mos of twice-weekly whole body vibration may reduce bone loss at the hip and spine and improve lower limb muscle function.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] in the present study, we examined the effect of whole-body vertical vibration (wbvv) on femoral intertrochanteric bone quality in the rat osteoporosis model.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] clinical guidelines for osteoporosis recommend dietary and pharmacologic interventions and weight-bearing exercise to prevent bone fractures.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] hence, this study investigated the effect of single or combined application of high-frequency (hf) loading through whole body vibration (wbv) and alendronate (aln) on the mechanical competence of ovariectomy-induced osteoporotic bone.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] mechanical stimulation in the form of low-intensity and high-frequency vibration seems to be able to prevent bone loss and to stimulate bone formation.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] this randomized controlled intervention trial was designed to assess the effects of an 8-month whole body vibration intervention on bone, muscular performance, and body balance in young and healthy adults.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] bisphosphonate alendronate (aln), phytoestrogen 8-prenylnaringenin (8-pn) and the whole body vibration exert a favorable effect on osteoporotic bone.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] whole body mechanical vibrations (wbv) treatment may offer a promising route to stimulate bone formation in oi patients as it has exhibited health benefits on both muscle and bone mass in human and animal models.

Is whole-body vibration therapy effective in preventing bone fractures in osteoporosis sufferers? [SEP] because adequate mechanical stimuli are able to increase bone formation, one therapeutical approach to treat poorly healing fractures could be the application of whole-body vibration, including low-magnitude high-frequency vibration (lmhfv). |||

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] during the coronavirus disease (covid-19) pandemic, engagement in preventive behaviors and getting tested for the virus play a crucial role in protecting people from contracting the new coronavirus.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] frequent handwashing with soap and the use of alcohol-based hand sanitizers is recommended by who for hand hygiene and to prevent the spread of covid-19.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] the value of beneficial health behaviours and a healthy lifestyle to improve immune functioning and lower adverse consequences of covid-19 are increasingly being emphasized.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) pandemic represents a significant risk to population health.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] health organizations worldwide have recommended numerous preventive health behaviors to slow the spread of covid-19.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) is a severe acute respiratory infection caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2).

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] covid-19 is a good lesson that reminds us to carefully prevent the spread of coronavirus which is now a pandemic worldwide.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] results from an online survey (n = 511) revealed that the vast majority (>90 percent) of respondents had very often or always practiced preventive behaviors against contracting covid-19 such as washing their hands more regularly with soap and water, staying away from crowded places, and wearing face masks out in public.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] the coronavirus disease-2019 (covid-19) outbreak is caused by a highly pathogenic novel coronavirus (sars-cov-2).

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) is a new viral disease that has caused a pandemic in the world.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] novel coronavirus disease (covid-19) pandemic is rapidly growing due to high level of contagiousness.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] a series of measures have been suggested to reduce covid-19 infection, including knowledge training for prevention and control, isolation, disinfection, classified protections at different degrees in infection areas, and protection of confirmed cases.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] to prevent virus transmission, the centers for disease control and prevention recommends frequent hand washing with soap and water.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] hand hygiene is a very important issue in preventing viral infection; however, there are other entities that can enhance the immune response and help in infection prevention.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] sufficient knowledge, positive attitudes, and correct practices are crucial for the prevention of covid-19.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] the significance of hand hygiene for preventing the transmission of microorganisms and reducing the spread of infection has been brought into sharp focus following the global coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] background: in the absence of an effective vaccine, public health policies are aimed at awareness, and education of the general public in order to contain the quickly spreading covid-19 pandemic.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] participants who received more covid-19-related health information online reported more frequent effort to engage in all types of preventive behaviors: wearing a facemask in public (odds ratio [or] 1.55, 95% ci 1.34-1.79, p<.001), washing hands (or 1.58, 95% ci 1.35-1.85, p<.001), covering nose and mouth when sneezing and coughing (or 1.78, 95% ci 1.52-2.10, p<.001), keeping social distance with others (or 1.41, 95% ci 1.21-1.65, p<.001), staying home (or 1.40, 95% ci 1.20-1.62, p<.001), avoiding using public transportation (or 1.57, 95% ci 1.32-1.88, p<.001), and cleaning frequently used surfaces (or 1.55, 95% ci 1.34-1.79, p<.001).

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] education is an important aspect in containing the covid-19 pandemic, as it directly increases adherence of the general public to protective measures.

Does regular gargling with antimicrobial mouthwashes protect against contracting coronavirus? Does it help get better faster if you have Covid 19 disease? [SEP] during the coronavirus-19 disease (covid-19) pandemic, the basic strategy that is recommended to reduce the spread of the disease is to practice proper hand hygiene and personal protective behaviors, but among adolescents, low adherence is common. |||

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] to assess the efficacy of local intranasal treatment with budesonide (nasal irrigation), in addition to olfactory rehabilitation, in the management of loss of smell in covid-19 patients without signs of severity and with persistent hyposmia 30 days after the onset of symptoms.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] we conclude that in pollen-sensitive subjects with mild asthma, inhaled budesonide blocks the effects of natural allergen exposure on the methacholine threshold value.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] atopic copd patients not treated with budesonide had an increased incidence of cough over time (or: 1.79, 95% ci: 1.03-3.08, p = 0.038), while those treated with budesonide had increased remission of cough (or: 1.93, 95% ci: 1.11-3.37, p = 0.02) compared to non-atopic copd patients.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] the aim of this study was to determine the effect of inhaled budesonide on the perception of breathlessness induced by histamine challenge.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] we conclude that treatment with budesonide enhances the perception of airway narrowing, but the effect is unrelated to budesonide dose, or to changes in circulating eosinophil markers.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] budesonide significantly inhibited the increase in airway responsiveness but not the eosinophilic inflammation induced by exposure to tma dust in sensitized guinea pigs.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] budesonide did not inhibit the number of subepithelial eosinophils of guinea pigs exposed to tma dust (54.0 +/- 3.7 cells/unit area) or in those exposed to air (24.3 +/- 6.7 cells/unit area) and did not affect the increase in eosinophils found in bronchoalveolar fluid.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] the effects of inhaled budesonide (800 micrograms.day-1) on the threshold value (pc20) and maximal response plateau to inhaled methacholine were studied in 28 pollen-sensitive subjects with mild asthma during a pollen season in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled parallel fashion.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate the effect of inhaled budesonide on modifications of the provocative concentration of agonist causing a 20% fall in forced expiratory volume in one second (fev1) (pc20) and maximal response plateau to inhaled methacholine during the pollen season in pollen-sensitive subjects with mild asthma.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] if atopic copd patients are treated with budesonide, they more often show remission of symptoms compared to non-atopic copd patients who are treated with budesonide.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] thirty-five subjects with poorly controlled asthma were randomized to receive budesonide (1,600 or 3,200 microg/d) for 8 wk, followed by 8 wk at 1,600 microg/d and subsequent downtitration according to a clinical algorithm.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] we assessed the effect of a nebulized corticosteroid, budesonide, on airway hyperresponsiveness and inflammatory response provoked by inhalation of trimellitic anhydride (tma) dust, a known cause of occupational asthma in human beings, in guinea pigs sensitized to the free hapten.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] subjects treated with budesonide (n = 13) were protected from the decrease in pc20 seen in the placebo (n = 15) group (geometric mean pc20 placebo group: preseasonal = 8.51, may = 2.19 and june = 1.78 mg.ml-1; budesonide group: preseasonal = 3.71, may = 3.23 and june = 2.40 mg.ml-1; intergroup differences in doubling concentrations, p < 0.05).

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] male dunkin-hartley guinea pigs (n = 24) were injected intradermally with 0.1 ml of 0.3% tma in corn oil, followed by exposure 21 to 28 days later to five consecutive doses of budesonide aerosol (0.5 mg/ml) or saline solution, administered for 10 minutes every 12 hours.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] the european respiratory society study on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (euroscop) investigated long-term effects of budesonide; 18% of the copd participants were atopic.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] the participants will be recruited from: hôpital fondation adolphe de rothschild and hôpital lariboisière in paris, france intervention and comparator: intervention: experimental group: nasal irrigation with budesonide and physiological saline (budesonide 1mg/2ml diluted in 250ml of physiological saline 9°/00): 3 syringes of 20ml in each nasal cavity, morning and evening, for 30 days, in addition to olfactory rehabilitation twice a day.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] we tested the hypothesis that inhaled combined long-acting beta2-agonist (salmeterol) and corticosteroid (fluticasone propionate) will reduce inflammation.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] there have been suggestions that corticosteroid treatment might improve bronchodilator responses in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd).

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] we report a study investigating the effect of inhaled beclomethasone diproprionate (bdp) on lung function and symptoms in a group of patients with copd.

Can inhalation with budesonide spray relieve symptoms of covid-19? [SEP] systemic corticosteroids have been recommended as a therapeutic option in patients with moderate to severe copd. |||

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] budesonide was associated with a decrease in the need for continued mechanical ventilation, severe bpd type ii or death (19-12%), grade iii bpd or death (31-21%), and the median gestational age at discharge was 1 week earlier.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] budesonide was associated with decreased severity of bpd, decreased mechanical ventilation use, earlier discharge, and similar short-term outcomes.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] intra-tracheal instillation of budesonide using surfactant as a vehicle significantly decreased the incidence of bronchopulmonary dysplasia or death in preterm infants.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] our results suggested that methylprednisolone pulse could be an efficient therapeutic agent for hospitalised severe covid-19 patients at the pulmonary phase.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] effective therapies for patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) are needed, and clinical trial data have demonstrated that low-dose dexamethasone reduced mortality in hospitalized patients with covid-19 who required respiratory support.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] there are no determined treatment agents for the severe coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19); therefore, it is suggested that methylprednisolone, as an immunosuppressive treatment, can reduce the inflammation of the respiratory system.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] in august 2016 we began administering budesonide (0.25 mg/kg) mixed with surfactant (survanta 4 ml/kg) to all infants ≤ 1250 g who failed cpap and required intubation.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] both surfactants can act as an effective vehicle for budesonide delivery.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] early descriptions of patients admitted to hospital during the covid-19 pandemic showed a lower prevalence of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) than would be expected for an acute respiratory disease like covid-19, leading to speculation that inhaled corticosteroids (icss) might protect against infection with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 or the development of serious sequelae.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] conclusion: the early administration of oral bromhexine reduces the icu transfer, intubation, and the mortality rate in patients with covid-19.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] the present study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of bromhexine in intensive care unit (icu) admission, mechanical ventilation, and mortality in patients with covid-19.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] in preterm infants on moderately high ventilator support, the addition of budesonide to surfactant lowered bronchopulmonary dysplasia (bpd) rates by 20% without increased morbidity or mortality.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) can lead to respiratory failure due to severe immune response.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] the aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of addition of corticosteroids to the hospital protocol for treatment of suspected or confirmed covid-19 pneumonia on rates of death or intensive care unit (icu) admission.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] in conclusion, addition of corticosteroids to our institution's covid-19 treatment protocol was associated with a significant reduction in hospital mortality in the 'after' period.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] the acute respiratory distress syndrome (ards) induced by sars-cov-2-mediated cytokine storm (cs) in lungs leads to the high mortality in covid-19 patients.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] in this prospective meta-analysis of clinical trials of critically ill patients with covid-19, administration of systemic corticosteroids, compared with usual care or placebo, was associated with lower 28-day all-cause mortality.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] pulmonary distribution of survanta/18f-budesonide suspension was examined by a nano/pet digital scan in rats.

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] the assessment of illness severity at admission can contribute to decreased mortality in patients with the coronavirus disease (covid-19).

Can budesonide spray inhalation for covid-19 reduce the risk of hospitalization, severe or even fatal outcome? [SEP] coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) is associated with diffuse lung damage. |||

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] this study investigated the efficacy of a carrageenan-containing nasal spray on the duration of the common cold and nasal fluid viral load in adult patients.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] carrageenans have shown to reduce the viral load in nasal secretions and lower the incidence of secondary infections in children with common cold.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] in adults with common cold virus infections, direct local administration of carrageenan with nasal sprays reduced the duration of cold symptoms.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] administration of iota-carrageenan nasal spray reduced the symptoms of common cold (p = 0.046) and the viral load in nasal lavages (p = 0.009) in patients with early symptoms of common cold.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] iota-carrageenan nasal spray appears to be a promising treatment for safe and effective treatment of early symptoms of common cold.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] we investigate the effect of different carrageenans on the sinonasal epithelial barrier and inflammatory response in vitro.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] this study investigated the efficacy and safety of an iota-carrageenan nasal spray in patients with common cold symptoms.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] iota-carrageenan has previously shown antiviral effectiveness against cold viruses in clinical trials.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] iota-carrageenan is broadly active against respiratory viruses in-vitro and has an excellent safety profile.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] application was performed three times daily with either a carrageenan-supplemented nasal spray or saline solution as placebo with an overall observation period of 21 days.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] kappa carrageenan increased teer and decreased il-6 production in crs patients, indicating positive effects on epithelial barrier function in vitro.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] viral titers in nasal fluids showed a significantly greater decrease in carrageenan patients in the intention-to-treat population (p = 0.024) and in the per protocol population (p = 0.018) between days 1 and 3/4.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] rather, application of kappa carrageenan significantly increased teer and suppressed interleukin 6 (il-6) secretion in ali cultures from crs patients.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled exploratory trial, 35 human subjects suffering from early symptoms of common cold received iota-carrageenan (0.12%) in a saline solution three times daily for 4 days, compared to placebo.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] despite the widespread use of carrageenans in topical applications, the effect of carrageenans on the sinonasal epithelial barrier has not been elucidated.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] iota and kappa carrageenan delivered in saline irrigation solutions applied to air-liquid interface (ali) cultures of primary human nasal epithelial cells from chronic rhinosinusitis patients and controls.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] background: the lack of specific vaccines or drugs against coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) warrants studies focusing on alternative clinical approaches to reduce the spread of this pandemic disease.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] with the current covid-19 pandemic, caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2), there is an urgent need for new therapies and prevention strategies that can help curtail disease spread and reduce mortality.

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] in patients showing a laboratory-confirmed cold virus infection and adherence to the protocol, alleviation of symptoms was 2.1 days faster in the carrageenan group in comparison to placebo (p = 0.037).

Does a nasal spray with carrageenan from red algae prevent infection with coronavirus? Can it alleviate a covid 19 disease that has already broken out? [SEP] kappa or iota carrageenan solution was safe and did not negatively affect epithelial barrier function. |||

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] the prevalence of type 2 diabetes is increasing worldwide, and prevention of the disease is a key objective.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] published evidence to support the application of novel incretin-based therapies, dipeptidyl peptidase (dpp)-4 inhibitors, sodium-glucose cotransporter (sglt)-2 inhibitors, other oral agents and insulins for managing specific aspects of type 2 diabetes, as well as disadvantages associated with those novel medications, are discussed.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] combination therapy with a dipeptidyl peptidase (dpp)-4 inhibitor and metformin or sulfonylurea results in substantial and additive glucose-lowering effects in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2dm).

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] early interventional data suggest that therapy targeted at postprandial glucose can have a favorable impact on cardiovascular events.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] liraglutide may exhibit favorable effects on diabetes control for type 2 dm patients by increasing insulin sensitivity as an extrapancreatic action.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] suboptimal blood glucose control among patients with type 2 diabetes continues to support the need for new pharmacologic approaches.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] in a real-world clinical setting in canada, dapagliflozin produced significant improvements in hba1c, weight, and blood pressure in patients with t2d, comparable to that seen in randomized clinical trials.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] dapagliflozin, a sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (sglt2) inhibitor, is indicated for improving glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] there are various pharmacological therapies with glucose-lowering activity for diabetes prevention.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] therapies for type 2 diabetes mellitus that leverage the glucagon-like peptide-1 (glp-1) receptor signaling pathway have been shown to reduce rates of hyperglycemia and have beneficial effects on body weight.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] improvement in glucose control usually also ameliorates this dyslipoproteinemia.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] this antihyperglycemic treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus (dm) has attracted increased clinical attention not only for its antihyperglycemic action but also for its potential extrapancreatic effects.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] we investigated whether liraglutide, a glp-1 analog, could enhance insulin sensitivity as assessed by the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp in type 2 dm patients.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] cardiovascular risk reduction is a key priority in patients with diabetes.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] to review the current state of diabetes treatment from a clinical and management perspective and explore the role that new biologic pharmaceuticals may offer patients who fail to meet or maintain glycemic goals with existing treatment options.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2dm) is a substantial health problem worldwide.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] pioglitazone is used globally for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2dm) and is one of the most effective therapies for improving glucose homeostasis and insulin resistance in t2dm patients.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] effective diabetes management at the primary care or specialty level requires a belief in the importance of insulin therapy in uncontrolled patients with type 2 diabetes.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] the objective of this study is to investigate the real-world treatment outcomes of patients with type 2 diabetes (t2d) who initiated dapagliflozin in a referral-based endocrinology practice.

Does the product "BestProvita Diabetin" improve blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes or does it prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] in randomized clinical trials, dapagliflozin has been shown to improve glycemic control, weight, and blood pressure. |||

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] in traditional medicine, blueberries have been used to facilitate blood glucose regulation in type 2 diabetes.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] epidemiological evidence indicates that incorporating blueberries into the diet may lower the risk of developing type 2 diabetes (t2dm).

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] the consumption of blueberries, as well as the phenolic compounds they contain, may alter metabolic processes related to type 2 diabetes.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] anthocyanins have been identified as having a strong association with type 2 diabetes risk reduction; however, to date few human clinical trials have evaluated the potential beneficial health effects of blueberries in populations with type 2 diabetes.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] blueberry dietary interventions have demonstrated remarkable potential against obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] blueberries (bb) have been shown to improve insulin sensitivity and endothelial function in obese and pre-diabetic humans, and decrease oxidative stress and inflammation, and ameliorate cardio-renal damage in rodents.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] additional research is needed to determine whether blueberries and other flavonoid-rich foods reduce type 2 diabetes risk by modifying gastrointestinal hormones and perceived appetite.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] we investigated the effects of blueberry consumption for 8 wk on cardiometabolic parameters in men with type 2 diabetes.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] additionally, the improvements in glucose tolerance after blueberry consumption were assessed by glucose tolerance tests.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] recent studies in diabetic mice have indicated facilitated glycaemic regulation following dietary supplementation with extracts from european blueberries, also called bilberries, (vaccinium myrtillus).

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] consumption of 22 g freeze-dried blueberries for 8 wk may beneficially affect cardiometabolic health parameters in men with type 2 diabetes.this trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as nct02972996.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] in conclusion, daily dietary consumption of blueberries did not improve blood pressure, but improved (i.e., increased) endothelial function over six weeks in subjects with metabolic syndrome.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] wild blueberries have a high content of polyphenols, but there is limited data evaluating their health benefits in adults at risk for type 2 diabetes.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] epidemiological studies associate regular, moderate intake of blueberries and/or anthocyanins with reduced risk of cardiovascular disease, death, and type 2 diabetes, and with improved weight maintenance and neuroprotection.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] the objective of the study was to investigate whether consumption of 100% wild blueberry juice improves cardiometabolic biomarkers associated with type 2 diabetes risk.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] this outcome warrants longer-term human studies of blueberries, including defined amounts of either the whole fruit or juice, to clarify whether polyphenol-rich foods can be efficacious for improving cardiometabolic biomarkers in adults at risk for type 2 diabetes.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] the present study investigated the role of blueberry consumption on modifying blood pressure in subjects with metabolic syndrome.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] overall, all blueberry juices significantly ameliorated hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance in hfd-fed mice.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] these findings are supported by pre-clinical and clinical studies that have shown improvements in insulin resistance (i.e., increased insulin sensitivity) after obese and insulin-resistant rodents or humans consumed blueberries.

Do blueberries improve blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes or do they prevent secondary diseases? [SEP] short-term consumption of wild blueberry juice may promote cardioprotective effects, by improving systolic blood pressure, possibly through nitric oxide production, in adults at risk for type 2 diabetes. |||

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] we have previously shown that self-collected nasal swabs (ns) are feasible and as sensitive as clinician-collected nasal washes for detection of rv, but the additive benefit of self-collected throat swabs is unknown.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] nasopharyngeal swabs are critical to the diagnosis of respiratory infections including coronavirus disease 2019, but collection techniques vary.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] the nasopharyngeal swab is currently the main testing method used to diagnose covid-19.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] to determine the usefulness of nasal swabs as a simple method for detection of respiratory viruses, we compared nasal swabs and nasopharyngeal aspirates obtained at the same time from the opposite nostrils of 230 children with upper respiratory infection.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] combined throat/nasal swabs yield a similar sensitivity to detect sars-cov-2 as nasopharyngeal swabs and are a good alternative sampling method, despite a lower ct value for the nasopharyngeal samples.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] diagnostic tests for respiratory viral infections have traditionally been performed on nasopharyngeal swabs or washings.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] diagnostic tests for respiratory viral infections use traditionally either nasopharyngeal washes or swabs.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] self-collected nasal swabs offer a cheaper alternative to professional-collected swabs for influenza testing.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] the collection of nasopharyngeal swabs to test for the presence of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) is an invasive technique with implications for patients and clinicians.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] we compared the combined throat/nasal sampling with nasopharyngeal sampling for detection of sars-cov-2 in healthcare workers suspected of covid-19.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] to report the efficacy and findings of a large-scale preventive screening program for severe acute respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus (sars-cov) using amplification of the virus from a nasopharyngeal swab (nps) obtained from the health-care workers (hcws).

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] while self-collected swabbing should not replace the role of clinical testing, our findings support the use of self-collected swabs for influenza research and surveillance.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] nasal self-swabbing for identification of viral ari pathogens proved to be equivalent to staff-swabbing in this population in terms of acceptance and pathogen detection.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] the sensitivity of nasal swabs was comparable to that of nasopharyngeal aspirates for the detection of all major respiratory viruses except respiratory syncytial virus.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] the aim of this study was to compare the detection rates of respiratory viruses from nasopharyngeal swabs and sputum using a multiplex real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr).

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] specimens including nasopharyngeal swabs, oropharyngeal swabs, and sputum from confirmed coronavirus 2019 patients were collected for rt-pcr testing.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] in 107 healthcare workers with symptoms of covid-19, combined throat/nasal sampling and nasopharyngeal sampling was performed.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] our objective was to determine whether sampling with a throat swab provides incremental benefit-when used in conjunction with a nasal swab-to detect respiratory viruses among patients with acute pharyngitis in the outpatient setting.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] our results show that rapid methods for diagnosing respiratory adenovirus infections can be successfully used in selected groups of adults.

Do self-performed nasal drill tests in symptom-free individuals detect coronavirus infection as reliably as professionally performed rapid tests using swabs from the nasopharynx? [SEP] early and accurate detection of respiratory viruses (rv) is important for patient management. |||

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] to determine sensitivity of rapid diagnostic tests for detecting influenza a(h7n9) virus, we compared rapid tests with pcr results and tested different types of clinical samples.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] real-time polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr) remains the gold standard for confirmation of coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) despite having many disadvantages.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] here, we investigated the diagnostic performance of chest computed tomography (ct) as an alternative to rt-pcr in patients with clinical suspicion of covid-19 infection.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] the objective of our study was to compare the results of the rapid serological vivadiag test for sars-cov-2-related igm/igg detection with those of the standard rt-pcr laboratory test for identifying sars-cov-2 nucleic acid.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] the sensitivity of reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr) has been questioned due to negative results in some patients who were strongly suspected of having coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19).

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] despite an initially less serious clinical presentation, the mortality of patients infected by sars-cov-2 with a negative rt-pcr did not differ from those with positive rt-pcr.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] the protocols of who network laboratories facilitated development of rapid diagnosis for sars coronavirus (cov) using reverse transcription (rt)-pcr assays.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] as no sars cov was detected among specimens collected during post-epidemic period, the positive predictive value of real-time pcr assays for detection of sars cov during low epidemic requires further evaluation.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] these results indicate that small quantities of the virus that cause false-negative ridt results can be detected efficiently with qrt-pcr follow-up.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] real-time polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr) testing for the identification of viral nucleic acid is the current standard for the diagnosis of sars-cov-2 infection, but technical issues limit its utilization for large-scale screening.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] the results provided by a new rapid serological colorimetric test for analyzing igm/igg expression were compared with those of rt-pcr testing for sars-cov-2 detection.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] low-dose chest ct is a safe, rapid and reliable alternative to rt-pcr for the diagnosis of covid-19 in high-prevalence regions.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] currently, diagnosis of influenza is performed either through tedious polymerase chain reaction (pcr) or through rapid antigen detection assays.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] testing for the presence of coronavirus is an essential diagnostic tool for monitoring and managing the current covid-19 pandemic.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] tests for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) based on reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr) are being used to rule out infection among high-risk persons, such as exposed inpatients and health care workers.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] the rapid serological test had a sensitivity of 30% and a specificity of 89% compared to the standard rt-pcr assay.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] molecular assays based on reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr) provide reliable results for the detection of respiratory pathogens, although diagnostic agreement varies.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] after 10 days had passed since symptom appearance, the predictive value of the rapid serological test was higher than that of the standard molecular assay (proportion of positive results: 40% vs 20%).

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] rapid but yet sensitive, specific, and high-throughput detection of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) in clinical samples is key to diagnose infected people and to better control the spread of the virus.

Are rapid antigen tests as reliable as slower PCR tests? Does a negative (inconspicuous) rapid test result reliably exclude an infection with the coronavirus? [SEP] the aim of our study was to analyze the prognosis of infected patients with initial negative rt-pcr in the emergency department (ed) during the covid-19 outbreak. |||

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] cbt is effective for sleep disturbances and can also improve sleep quality, increase qol, and decrease glycemic levels in participants with t2dm.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] we examined the effects of cbt-i on sleep-related cognitions, associations between changes in sleep-related cognitions and changes in sleep and symptoms after cbt-i, and the extent to which cognitions mediated the effects of cbt-i.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] our findings show that cbt for insomnia might be highly effective for improving sleep in patients with persistent delusions or hallucinations.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] two previous studies have indicated that the beneficial effect from cbt-i on depression may come through improved sleep, although insomnia severity during treatment had not previously been investigated as a mediator.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] recent treatment studies with cognitive behavioural therapy for insomnia (cbt-i) have demonstrated effects on both sleep problems and depression.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia (cbt-i) has been shown to improve both sleep and depressive symptoms, but predictors of depression outcome following cbt-i have not been well examined.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] the results of this study showed that treating pervasive sleep problems in this patient group with cognitive-behavioural therapy (cbt) is very likely to improve patient quality of life in the short term.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] therefore, this study aims to test the effect of cbt on sleep disturbances and qol in patients with t2dm.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt) is recommended as the first-line nonpharmacotherapy for sleep complaints.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] sleep disturbance is a common problem associated with depression, and cognitive-behavioral therapy (cbt) is a more common behavioral intervention for sleep problems.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] dbas mediated the effects of cbt-i on insomnia severity and partially mediated cbt-i effects on fatigue.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] some improvement in depressive severity after cbt-i is explained by improved sleep.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] however, there are no studies that tested cbt for improving sleep quality and increasing quality of life (qol) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2dm).

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] cbt-i significantly reduced dysfunctional beliefs about sleep (g = -0.90, 95% ci -1.19, -0.62) at post-treatment.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] improvement in dysfunctional sleep-related cognitions is an important mechanism for cbt-i effects among hf patients who are especially vulnerable to poor sleep and high symptom burden.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] to assess the potential cost-effectiveness of cbt for sleep disorders in patients with schizophrenia.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] cognitive behavioural therapy for insomnia (cbt-i) is associated with robust, long-term improvements in sleep parameters, however less is known about the impact of cbt-i on the daytime correlates of the disorder.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] can cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia (cbt-i) combined with the modern neuroscience approach (i.e.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia (cbt-i) is the preferred treatment for chronic insomnia and sleep-related cognitions are one target of treatment.

Does CBD help with sleep disorders? [SEP] apart from hypnotics, cognitive behavior therapy (cbt-i) is the therapy of choice for chronic forms of insomnia. |||

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] the national lung screening trial demonstrated a lung cancer-specific mortality benefit in high-risk current and former smokers with yearly low-dose chest computed tomography (ct).

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] emphasizing the risk of lung cancer can encourage smoking cessation; however, computerized tomography (ct) scans reduced lung cancer mortality in a recent randomized screening trial.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] lung cancer screening with low-dose chest ct has been demonstrated to reduce lung cancer mortality among a subset of high-risk current and former smokers.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] lung cancer screening with annual low-dose computed tomography (ct) decreases lung cancer mortality in high-risk patients, as defined by smoking history (> 30 pack-years) and age (55-74 years).

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] current and former smokers are currently being screened for lung cancer with computed tomography (ct), although there are limited data on the effect screening has on lung cancer outcomes.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] lung cancer screening with low dose computed tomography (ct) is the only method ever proven to reduce lung cancer-specific mortality in high-risk current and former cigarette smokers.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] lung cancer screening with annual chest computed tomography (ct) is recommended for current and former smokers with a ≥30-pack-year smoking history.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] lung cancer screening with chest computed tomography (ct) reduces lung cancer death.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] among a cohort of us ever-smokers aged 50 to 80 years, application of a risk-based model for ct screening for lung cancer compared with a model based on uspstf recommendations was estimated to be associated with a greater number of lung cancer deaths prevented over 5 years, along with a lower nns to prevent 1 lung cancer death.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] in this trial involving high-risk persons, lung-cancer mortality was significantly lower among those who underwent volume ct screening than among those who underwent no screening.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] screening for lung cancer with low-dose ct may increase the rate of lung cancer diagnosis and treatment, but may not meaningfully reduce the risk of advanced lung cancer or death from lung cancer.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] perhaps, recommendations from multiple cancer screenings may promote smoking abstinence among individuals at high risk for lung carcinoma.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] the relation between undergoing a single computed tomography (ct) screening for lung carcinoma and the potential long-term impact on smoking status has been equivocal.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] empirical risk models for lung cancer incidence and death in the absence of ct screening using data on ever-smokers from the prostate, lung, colorectal, and ovarian cancer screening trial (plco; 1993-2009) control group.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] recent guidelines recommend chest computed tomography (ct) for smokers based on studies of individuals aged 55 to 74 years with 30-pack year smoking to detect lung cancers.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] computed tomography (ct)-based lung cancer screening may provide an opportunity to detect additional individuals with copd at an early stage.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] low-dose computed tomography (ct) screening can detect early stage lung cancer in high-risk populations.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] lung cancer mortality was favourable compared to age- and sex-matched population of us smokers, suggesting that mortality can be lowered by screening, although larger trials with longer follow-up are necessary to confirm these findings.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] recently, the preliminary results of the randomised controlled national lung screening trial (nlst), a study organised by the us national cancer institute, confirmed for the first time that lung cancer screening by ct is associated with a reduction in lung cancer mortality (20.3%) and in all-cause mortality (7%) compared with a control group undergoing cxr at the same time intervals.

Are heavy (ex-)smokers less likely to die of lung cancer if they regularly participate in lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT)? [SEP] current and former smokers with copd may disproportionately benefit from lung cancer screening. |||

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] screening for lung cancer with low-dose ct may increase the rate of lung cancer diagnosis and treatment, but may not meaningfully reduce the risk of advanced lung cancer or death from lung cancer.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] annual computed tomography (ct) is now widely recommended for lung cancer screening in the united states, although concerns remain regarding the potential harms, including those from overdiagnosis.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] low-dose computed tomography (ct) screening for lung cancer can reduce lung cancer mortality, but overdiagnosis, false positives and invasive procedures for benign nodules are worrying.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] lung cancer screening using computed tomography (ct) is effective in detecting lung cancer in early stages.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] screening for lung cancer with low-dose computed tomography (ct) is controversial.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] computed tomography (ct) screening of the chest has shown promise for early detection of lung cancer, but evidence for a reduction in lung cancer mortality by ct screening is not available.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] lung cancer screening with chest computed tomography (ct) reduces lung cancer death.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] the use of computerized tomography (ct) scans has been recently brought into attention to help screen high risk individuals for lung cancer.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] evidence from previous controlled trials of chest radiography and sputum cytology does not support lung cancer screening, but computed tomography (ct) screening has recently emerged as a more sensitive screening tool.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] current and former smokers are currently being screened for lung cancer with computed tomography (ct), although there are limited data on the effect screening has on lung cancer outcomes.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] evidence regarding lung cancer screening by ct shows that this technology detects earlier-stage and smaller lung cancers with greater frequency than other screening methods.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] as we sit on the brink of widespread adoption of lung cancer screening ct, we aim to explain why the risks associated with radiation exposure from lung cancer screening are very low and should not be used to avoid screening or dissuade individuals who qualify for screening ct to participate in a lung cancer screening program.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] low-dose computed tomography (ct) screening was shown to reduce lung cancer-specific mortality in a large randomized trial of a high-risk population.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] low-dose ct screening has been associated with a 20% reduction in lung cancer mortality in a large randomized controlled trial (national lung screening trial [nlst]) of a high-risk population.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] risks for false-positive results on lung cancer screening tests are substantial after only 2 annual examinations, particularly for low-dose ct. further study of resulting economic, psychosocial, and physical burdens of these methods is warranted.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] to discuss the evidence for use of chest x-rays and low-dose ct in screening for lung cancer; to describe potential benefits, harms, and uncertainties of ct screening; and to review current guidelines for ct screening.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] lung cancer screening with low dose computed tomography (ct) is the only method ever proven to reduce lung cancer-specific mortality in high-risk current and former cigarette smokers.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] further evaluation is necessary to determine if cad chest radiography has a role as a lung cancer screening tool.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] this paper reviews the issue of lung cancer screening and low-dose spiral ct.

Can lung cancer screening by computed tomography (CT) also do harm??? [SEP] the results of the current study indicate that ct screening along with early stage treatment can reduce lung cancer-specific mortality. |||

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] we sought to determine whether hydroxychloroquine (hcq) application may reduce the death risk of critically ill covid-19 patients.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] (1) background: hydroxychloroquine is used to treat malaria and autoimmune diseases, and its potential use against covid-19 is currently under investigation.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] hydroxychloroquine has been proposed for the cure of the covid-19 due to its anti-inflammatory and anti-viral action.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] hydroxychloroquine has been touted as a potential covid-19 treatment.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] although the efficacy of hydroxychloroquine for covid-19 remains uncertain, it may serve as a potential prophylactic agent especially in those at high risk, such as healthcare workers, household contacts of infected patients, and the immunocompromised.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] (hydroxy)chloroquine ((h)cq) is being investigated as a treatment for covid-19, but studies have so far demonstrated either no or a small benefit.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] hydroxychloroquine has been promoted for its use in treatment of covid-19 patients based on in-vitro evidences.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] to determine whether hydroxychloroquine is an efficacious treatment for adults hospitalized with covid-19.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] whether hydroxychloroquine can prevent symptomatic infection after sars-cov-2 exposure is unknown.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] benefits of chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine for the treatment of covid-19 infection have been proposed and clinical trials are underway.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] a pooled analysis of recently published studies suggests no additional benefit for reducing mortality in covid-19 patients when hydroxychloroquine is given as add-on to the standard care.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] data on the efficacy of hydroxychloroquine for the treatment of coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) are needed.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] hydroxychloroquine, il-6, mortalities, covid-19.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] there are potential implications from this review for survivors of covid-19 treated with chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] hydroxychloroquine is an antimalarial drug being tested as a potential treatment for the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) pandemic caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] to describe the association between use of hydroxychloroquine, with or without azithromycin, and clinical outcomes among hospital inpatients diagnosed with covid-19.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] after high-risk or moderate-risk exposure to covid-19, hydroxychloroquine did not prevent illness compatible with covid-19 or confirmed infection when used as postexposure prophylaxis within 4 days after exposure.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] because of in vitro studies, hydroxychloroquine has been evaluated as a preexposure or postexposure prophylaxis for coronavirus disease (covid-19) and as a possible covid-19 curative treatment.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] people with diabetes are more prone to severe outcome if affected by covid-19 and the use of hydroxychloroquine might have some benefit in this setting.

Does hydroxychloroquine reduce the likelihood of dying from covid-19 disease? [SEP] hydroxychloroquine, with or without azithromycin, has been considered as a possible therapeutic agent for patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19). |||

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] hydroxychloroquine (hcq) has shown efficacy against coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) in some but not all studies.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] (1) background: hydroxychloroquine is used to treat malaria and autoimmune diseases, and its potential use against covid-19 is currently under investigation.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] although the efficacy of hydroxychloroquine for covid-19 remains uncertain, it may serve as a potential prophylactic agent especially in those at high risk, such as healthcare workers, household contacts of infected patients, and the immunocompromised.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] hydroxychloroquine (hcq) has been tried against covid-19 owing to its in vitro virucidal action against sars-cov-2, but the role of hcq as post-exposure prophylaxis (pep) remains inconclusive.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] based on inhibition of viral replication and limited reports on clinical efficacy, hydroxychloroquine is being considered as prophylaxis and treatment of coronavirus disease-19 (covid-19).

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] (hydroxy)chloroquine ((h)cq) is being investigated as a treatment for covid-19, but studies have so far demonstrated either no or a small benefit.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] the coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) pandemic has led to rapid research and reporting on potential preventatives and treatments for the disease, including the drug hydroxychloroquine (hcq).

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] benefits of chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine for the treatment of covid-19 infection have been proposed and clinical trials are underway.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] the role of hydroxychloroquine (hcq) in the treatment of covid-19 is not fully known.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] hydroxychloroquine is an antimalarial drug being tested as a potential treatment for the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) pandemic caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] to determine whether hydroxychloroquine is an efficacious treatment for adults hospitalized with covid-19.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] because of in vitro studies, hydroxychloroquine has been evaluated as a preexposure or postexposure prophylaxis for coronavirus disease (covid-19) and as a possible covid-19 curative treatment.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] data on the efficacy of hydroxychloroquine for the treatment of coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) are needed.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] hydroxychloroquine, with or without azithromycin, has been considered as a possible therapeutic agent for patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19).

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] here we assessed the prophylactic/therapeutic efficacy of hydroxychloroquine (hcq), a drug of interest for covid-19 management, in two animal models.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] among adults hospitalized with respiratory illness from covid-19, treatment with hydroxychloroquine, compared with placebo, did not significantly improve clinical status at day 14.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] around the world, several dose regimens of hydroxychloroquine have been used for covid-19 infection treatment, with the objective of identifying a short-term course.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] to describe the association between use of hydroxychloroquine, with or without azithromycin, and clinical outcomes among hospital inpatients diagnosed with covid-19.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] chloroquine (cq) and its analog hydroxychloroquine (hcq) were recently included in several clinical trials as potential prophylactic and therapeutic options for sars-cov-2 infection/covid-19.

Does hydroxychloroquine prevent covid-19 infection??? [SEP] here we assessed the prophylactic/therapeutic efficacy of hydroxychloroquine (hcq), a drug of interest for covid-19 management, in 2 animal disease models. |||

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] combining an antiviral with selected therapeutic agents that block these inflammatory pathways has been shown to improve the effectiveness of cold treatment.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] extracts of echinacea purpurea are widely used for the prevention and treatment of common colds, coughs, bronchitis and other upper respiratory infections, many of which are caused by rhinoviruses (rvs).

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] current evidence from published systematic reviews indicate that oral intake of vitamin c may assist with symptoms of acute viral respiratory infections (ari) by reducing fever and chills, relieving chest pain and assist in reducing symptoms of common cold-induced asthma.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] oral vitamin c may assist with the symptoms of acute respiratory viral infections (ari) and common cold-induced asthma but no studies have been identified justifying oral vitamin c for the prevention or treatment of coronavirus infections including covid-19.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] this strategy reduces viral shedding in nasal fluid, provides treatment for the period of maximum symptom burden, and may reduce the frequency and severity of the sinus disease that accompanies colds.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] human rhinoviruses (hrvs) are a major cause of the common cold, but there is currently, no registered clinically effective antiviral chemotherapeutic agent for treatment of diseases caused by hrvs.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] the severity of colds was also reduced by regular vitamin c administration.seven comparisons examined the effect of therapeutic vitamin c (3249 episodes).

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] to find out whether vitamin c reduces the incidence, the duration or severity of the common cold when used either as a continuous regular supplementation every day or as a therapy at the onset of cold symptoms.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] vitamin c and zinc lozenges may reduce the duration of cold symptoms.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] this article reviews the etiology of the cold, proposed cures, symptomatic relief, method of transmission, and advice for patients.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] when taken at onset of ari, oral vitamin c may reduce the duration of symptoms including fever, chest pain, chills and bodily aches and pains.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] rhinoviruses (rvs) are picornaviruses that are causative agents of the majority of upper respiratory tract infections, or "common colds," in humans.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] nevertheless, given the consistent effect of vitamin c on the duration and severity of colds in the regular supplementation studies, and the low cost and safety, it may be worthwhile for common cold patients to test on an individual basis whether therapeutic vitamin c is beneficial for them.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] doses of between four and six grams of vitamin c for the first three days of a cold may reduce its symptoms, but as long as vitamin c intake is adequate, long-term prophylaxis is not indicated.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] attempts to relieve the misery of the common cold have been made since long before current understanding of its viral origin.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] though the average cold does not appear to hinder athletic performance, short-term symptomatic treatment consisting of topical decongestants and/or nasal ipratropium bromide may be useful for active patients.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] rhinoviruses (rvs) cause common cold and are associated with exacerbation of chronic inflammatory respiratory diseases.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] this article reviews current literature on the subject of the common cold.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] in children, 1 to 2 g/day vitamin c shortened colds by 18%.

Do preparations containing rockrose have a preventive or soothing effect on colds (chills) and other upper respiratory tract infections? Can they protect against infections with the coronavirus? [SEP] five trials involving a total of 598 marathon runners, skiers and soldiers on subarctic exercises yielded a pooled rr of 0.48 (95% ci 0.35 to 0.64).thirty-one comparisons examined the effect of regular vitamin c on common cold duration (9745 episodes). |||

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] results of the present study demonstrated that infection of the homologous influenza virus in mice already immunized with a na vaccine could provide excellent protection against subsequent infection of a heterologous influenza virus.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] here, we investigated whether seasonal influenza vaccination in a mouse model could induce any immunity against the h5n1 subtype.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] here, we studied the protective effect against heterologous influenza viruses, including a/reassortant/nymc x-179a (ph1n1), a/chicken/henan/12/2004 (h5n1), a/chicken/jiangsu/7/2002 (h9n2) and a/guizhou/54/89×a/pr/8/34 (a/guizhou-x) (h3n2), in mice first vaccinated with a dna vaccine of haemagglutinin (ha) or neuraminidase (na) of a/pr/8/34 (pr8) and then infected with the homologous virus.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] only for influenza and measles are licensed vaccines available at present.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] pleconaril is known to inhibit enteroviruses and rhinoviruses but has not been explored on fmdv.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] we showed that pr8 ha or na vaccination both protected mice against a lethal dose of the homologous virus; pr8 ha or na dna vaccination and then pr8 infection in mice offered poor or excellent protection, respectively, against a second, heterologous influenza virus challenge.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] vaccination is the best measure to prevent influenza pandemics.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] infection with wild-type measles virus (mev) induces lifelong protection from reinfection, and parenteral delivery of the live attenuated measles vaccine (lav) also provides protection from measles.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] although live attenuated vaccines against some of the serotypes of rhinoviruses have shown promising results, the generation of a multivalent vaccine against this epidemiologically most significant cause of acute respiratory infections will be almost impossible, due to the multiplicity of serotypes involved.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] lav delivered to the upper respiratory tract through a nebulizer and mouthpiece induced a t-cell response but no neutralizing antibody.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] these results demonstrate that retinoids inhibit mev replication by up-regulating elements of the innate immune response in uninfected bystander cells, making them refractory to productive infection during subsequent rounds of viral replication.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] mumps, measles, rubella, and varicella-zoster viruses (mmrv) may cause severe infections in seronegative adult solid organ transplant (sot) recipients but can be prevented by vaccination.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] it could be demonstrated that, largely due to the h1n1 component strain a/newcaledonia/20/99, parenteral immunization of mice with a trivalent seasonal influenza vaccine elicited heterosubtype h5-reactive antibodies able to confer partial protection against h5n1 influenza virus infection.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] infection with seasonal influenza a viruses induces immunity to potentially pandemic influenza a viruses of other subtypes (heterosubtypic immunity).

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] these findings suggested that na, a major antigen of influenza virus, could be an important candidate antigen for universal influenza vaccines.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] the live attenuated measles vaccine (lav) given subcutaneously induces both t cells and neutralizing antibody and provides solid protection from infection.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] to assess the safety and immunogenicity of two mmr: vaccines administered by aerosol.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] the consequences of these findings are discussed in the light of the development of protective immunity to seasonal and future pandemic influenza viruses.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] measles vaccination resulted in a 79% drop in measles deaths between 2000 and 2015 worldwide.

Can Medistus Antivirus Lozenges protect against colds, flu, covid-19, or other respiratory infections? [SEP] mev is known to inhibit type i interferon (ifn) signaling, and retinoids are increasingly implicated in modulating innate immunity. |||

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] here, we summarize the evidence of the effects of spirulina on serum lipid profile, glucose management, bp, and body weight by conducting a meta-analysis.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] after three months of spirulina supplementation significant decrease in body mass (p < 0.001), body mass index (bmi; p < 0.001) and waist circumference (wc; p = 0.002) were observed in spirulina group.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] this study demonstrates that three months of regular consumption of spirulina maxima not only improves bmi and weight but also results in improvements in blood pressure and endothelial function spirulina in overweight patients with hypertension but lacking evidence of cardiovascular disease.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] the objectives of the current study were to determine the effects of spirulina platensis on anthropometric parameters, serum lipids, appetite and serum vascular endothelial growth factor (vegf) in obese individuals.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] spirulina maxima consumption is known to be associated with enhanced cardiovascular and metabolic health.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] putative beneficial cardiovascular effects of spirulina supplementation in well treated, obesity-related hypertension were studied in a double-blind placebo-controlled trial.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] spirulina supplementation at a dose of 1 g/d for 12 weeks is effective in modulating body weight and appetite and partly modifies serum lipids.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] these findings suggest the beneficial effect of spirulina supplementation in controlling blood glucose levels and in improving the lipid profile of subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] our findings provide substantial evidence that spirulina supplementation has favorable effect on select cardiovascular and metabolic biomarkers in humans, including lipid, glucose, and dbp management.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] spirulina was recently reported to elicit beneficial effects such as reducing cholesterol and inducing weight loss; however, its effects on inflammation are unknown.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] the patients in the spirulina group showed significant reductions in bmi (26.9 ± 3.1 vs. 25.0 ± 2.7 kg/m(2), p = 0.0032), weight (75.5 ± 11.8 vs. 70.5 ± 10.3 kg, p < 0.001), sbp (149 ± 7 vs. 143 ± 9 mmhg, p = 0.0023), and si (7.2 ± 0.6 vs. 6.9 ± 0.7 m/s, p < 0.001).

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] the favorable influence of spirulina supplementation on insulin sensitivity, plasma lipid levels along with inflammation and oxidative stress biomarkers reported in this study creates the promise for new therapeutic approaches in obese patients with well-treated hypertension.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] moreover, spirulina successfully rectified disrupted serum lipid profile and exhibited an anti-inflammatory effect via tumor necrosis factor-α and adiponectin modulation.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] spirulina reduces dyslipidaemia in our metabolic syndrome model while ameliorating visceral adipose tissue macrophages.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] also, treatment with spirulina platensis significantly reduced appetite (p = 0.008).

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate the effect of spirulina maxima on body weight, blood pressure, and endothelial function.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] some studies have demonstrated the beneficial effects of spirulina maxima (arthrospira maxima) consumption on glycemic, lipid, and blood pressure parameters.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] human studies on this topic have recently been described in a few papers; however, potential protective cardiovascular properties of spirulina in obese patients receiving standard pharmacological antihypertensive treatment remain to be elucidated.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] two-month supplementation with spirulina resulted in an appreciable lowering of fasting blood glucose and postprandial blood glucose levels.

Does Spirulina help with obesity? [SEP] spirulina, a filamentous unicellular alga, reduces serum lipids and blood pressure while exerting antioxidant effects. |||

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] due to its chemical composition, spirulina is widely used as a dietary supplement that exerts positive effects on the human body.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] spirulina maxima consumption is known to be associated with enhanced cardiovascular and metabolic health.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] our findings provide substantial evidence that spirulina supplementation has favorable effect on select cardiovascular and metabolic biomarkers in humans, including lipid, glucose, and dbp management.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] spirulina is a popular nutritional supplement that is accompanied by claimss for antioxidant and performance-enhancing effects.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] here, we summarize the evidence of the effects of spirulina on serum lipid profile, glucose management, bp, and body weight by conducting a meta-analysis.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] spirulina (spa) having antiviral activities can boost immune system, and better nutritional profile can increase growth performance by improving gut morphology.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] recent studies suggest that spirulina, a unicellular blue-green alga, may have a variety of health benefits and therapeutic properties and is also capable of acting as an antioxidant and antiinflammatory agent.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] spirulina was recently reported to elicit beneficial effects such as reducing cholesterol and inducing weight loss; however, its effects on inflammation are unknown.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] after three months of spirulina supplementation significant decrease in body mass (p < 0.001), body mass index (bmi; p < 0.001) and waist circumference (wc; p = 0.002) were observed in spirulina group.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] studies conducted on spirulina suggest that it is safe in healthy subjects, but attitude to eating probably affects the acceptability of spirulina containing foods.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] the results demonstrate that the tested spirulina preparations have a high antioxidant and antiinflammatory potential.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] spirulina, an edible blue‑green alga, has great potential for various applications in human health, possibly including reduced skin aging.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] ingestion of spirulina significantly decreased carbohydrate oxidation rate by 10.3% and increased fat oxidation rate by 10.9% during the 2-h run compared with the placebo trial.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] different spirulina preparations influence immune system viz.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] spirulina supplements seem to affect more effectively the innate immunity, promoting the activity of natural killer cells.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] spirulina (spirulina platensis) is a dietary supplement valued for its immune-enhancing properties.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] the potential application of incorporating spirulina into food products and beverages to enhance their antioxidant capacity is worth exploring.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] although spirulina seemed to be ineffective at modulating the secretion of th1 cytokines (ifn-gamma and il-2), we discovered that spirulina, administered at 2,000 mg/day, significantly reduced il-4 levels by 32% from pha-stimulated cells.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] spirulina has been used as a food source from many years for human and animals because of its superior profile of nutrition.

Does spirulina have a health-promoting effect??? [SEP] moreover, spirulina successfully rectified disrupted serum lipid profile and exhibited an anti-inflammatory effect via tumor necrosis factor-α and adiponectin modulation. |||

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] in conclusion, there is no scientific evidence supporting the indication of hydrogen peroxide mouthwash for control of the viral load regarding sars-cov-2 or any other viruses in saliva.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] the indication of preoperative mouthwash containing 1% hydrogen peroxide for reducing the viral load of sars-cov-2 in saliva prior to oral procedures has been significantly disseminated through several citations and influenced various dental associations in the elaboration of dental care protocols during this pandemic period, including patients admitted to hospital wards and intensive care units.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] rationale: hydrogen peroxide (h2o2) provides an important mechanism for resisting infectious pathogens within the respiratory tract, and accordingly, the in situ analysis of h2o2 generation in real time provides a valuable tool for assessing immune response.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] to our aim was to perform a systematic review to answer the following question: does hydrogen peroxide mouthwash (at any concentration) have a virucidal effect?

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] hydrogen peroxide (h2o2) is a "green chemical" that has various cleaning and disinfectant uses, including as an anti-bacterial agent for hygienic and medical treatments.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] hydrogen peroxide (h2o2) has a major function in host-microbial interactions.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] based on a review of the research, the use of hydrogen might reduce the destructive cytokine storm and lung injury caused by sars-cov-2 during covid-19 (corona virus disease 2019) in the early stage, stimulating ropy sputum drainage, and ultimately reducing the incidence of severe disease.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] the peroxidase-halide-hydrogen peroxide system may contribute to the host defense against certain viral infections.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] h2 has shown anti-inflammatory and antioxidant ability in many clinical trials, and its application is recommended in the latest chinese novel coronavirus pneumonia (ncp) treatment guidelines.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] hydrogen peroxide (h2o2) in exhaled air condensate is elevated in inflammatory disorders of the lower respiratory tract.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] here we show that h2o2 released by streptococcus pneumoniae inhibits inflammasomes, key components of the innate immune system, contributing to the pathogen colonization of the host.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] we also show that the oral commensal h2o2-producing bacteria streptococcus oralis can block inflammasome activation.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] hydrogen peroxide (h2o2) is one of a variety of reactive oxygen species (ros) produced by aerobic organisms.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] we found that nasal epithelial cells by themselves respond to viral infection by generating h2o2, and that the in vivo cumulative h2o2 level in the nasal mucosa peaks at day 3 post-infection.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] here we show new applications for ferromagnetic nanoparticles (fe3o4, mnps) with peroxidase-like activity in potentiating the efficacy of h2o2 in biofilm degradation and prevention.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] this study uncovers an unexpected role of h2o2 in immune suppression and demonstrates how, through this mechanism, bacteria might restrain the immune system to co-exist with the host.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] we examined h2o2 in the breath condensate of 20 normal subjects with acute symptoms of a common cold and after recovery 2 weeks later and, similarly, in 10 subjects without infection.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] molecular hydrogen treatment has the potential to become a new adjuvant therapy for covid-19, but its efficacy and safety require large clinical trials and further confirmation.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] host production of toxic h2o2 in response to pathogen infection is an important classical innate defense mechanism against invading microbes.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) help against coronavirus or others in throat infections? [SEP] peroxidase (myeloperoxidase or lactoperoxidase), hydrogen peroxide, and a halide such as iodide, bromide, or chloride form a potent virucidal system that is effective against polio and vaccinia viruis, particularly at a low ph. |||

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] this report provides an overview of health issues relating to the use of hydrogen peroxide, with an emphasis on safety with prolonged exposure to low concentrations of peroxide products.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] hydrogen peroxide is a highly reactive substance which can damage oral soft tissues and hard tissues when present in high concentrations and with exposures of prolonged duration.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] there is good evidence for the safety of hydrogen peroxide when used at low concentrations on a daily basis over extended periods of time, in self-administered oral health care products such as dentifrices and mouthrinses.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] this article discusses the truth behind these concerns and whether it is in fact safe to use hydrogen peroxide solution for wound cleaning in specific situations.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] ingestion of hydrogen peroxide is not an uncommon source of poisoning, and results in morbidity through three main mechanisms: direct caustic injury, oxygen gas formation and lipid peroxidation.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] morbidity and mortality have also been reported with the use of hydrogen peroxide in hospitals.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] a case of fatal oxygen embolism in a child after ingestion of hydrogen peroxide is reported.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] caution should be exercised with the increasingly higher concentration peroxide products used for 'walking' or 'power' bleaching due to the possibility of chemical irritation of oral soft tissues with injudicious use.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] hydrogen peroxide is not more effective than other antiseptics; its potentially serious risk should not be unrecognized.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] a case of a 39-year-old man who inadvertently ingested 250 ml of unlabelled 35% hydrogen peroxide intended for natural health use is presented.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] such risks can also result from using a sealed container to collect hydrogen peroxide that has mixed with body fluids (for instance, in a debridement procedure).

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] concern regarding hydrogen peroxide (h(2)o(2)) carcinogenicity arises from its ability to act as a strong oxidizing agent.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] hydrogen peroxide should not be considered to be innocuous; it should neither be ingested nor used in situations where the evolved oxygen gas cannot dissipate freely.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] hydrogen peroxide (h2o2) is an oxidizing agent found in many household products.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] hydrogen peroxide has purported benefits ranging from hiv treatment to cancer treatment.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] as an irrigant, an antiseptic, and a hemostatic agent, hydrogen peroxide (h2o2) is widely used in surgical treatment, but it has been surrounded by persistent controversy.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] recent studies have suggested that hydrogen peroxide (h2o2), a reactive compound formed endogenously in the breakdown of superoxide, may mediate the induction of apoptosis in various cell types in response to external stimuli.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] cases of embolism after using hydrogen peroxide have been described in many circumstances in the operating room.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] hydrogen peroxide solution can be very effective for cleaning grit filled wounds and grazes.

Does gargling with hydrogen peroxide have health risks? [SEP] gastric catabolism of hydrogen peroxide produces oxygen and water. |||

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] we reviewed the feasibility of using vitamin c in the setting of covid-19 in a series of patients.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] vitamin c's antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating effects make it a potential therapeutic candidate, both for the prevention and amelioration of covid-19 infection, and as an adjunctive therapy in the critical care of covid-19.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] the use of iv vitamin c in patients with moderate to severe covid-19 disease may be feasible.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] conclusions this report highlights the potential benefits of high-dose intravenous vitamin c in critically ill covid-19 patients in terms of rapid recovery and shortened length of mechanical ventilation and icu stay.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] this literature review focuses on vitamin c deficiency in respiratory infections, including covid-19, and the mechanisms of action in infectious disease, including support of the stress response, its role in preventing and treating colds and pneumonia, and its role in treating sepsis and covid-19.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] given the favourable safety profile and low cost of vitamin c, and the frequency of vitamin c deficiency in respiratory infections, it may be worthwhile testing patients' vitamin c status and treating them accordingly with intravenous administration within icus and oral administration in hospitalised persons with covid-19.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] further studies will elaborate on the efficacy of intravenous vitamin c in critically ill covid-19.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] we aim to determine if high dose intravenous vitamin c (hdivc) was effective for covid-19 patients in severe condition.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] we report a case of covid-19 with acute respiratory distress syndrome who was treated with high-dose vitamin c infusion and was the first case to have early recovery from the disease at our institute.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] vitamin d might have beneficial potential in influencing the natural history of the coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) due to its immunomodulatory and anti-inflammatory properties.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] this review discussed the possible roles of vitamin d in reducing the risk of covid-19 and other acute respiratory tract infections and severity.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] the evidence to date indicates that oral vitamin c (2-8 g/day) may reduce the incidence and duration of respiratory infections and intravenous vitamin c (6-24 g/day) has been shown to reduce mortality, intensive care unit (icu) and hospital stays, and time on mechanical ventilation for severe respiratory infections.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] we identified a total of 17 patients who received iv vitamin c for covid-19.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] whether vitamin d is associated with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) incidence is unknown.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] these findings suggested that vitamin d deficiency impacts covid-19 hospitalization and severity in the chinese population.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] evidence of the benefits of vitamin c (vc) for the treatment of sepsis is accumulating.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] coronavirus (covid-19) is highly infectious agent that causes fatal respiratory illnesses, which is of great global public health concern.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] coronavirus disease (covid-19) is a major pandemic and now a leading cause of death worldwide.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] vitamin c has previously been used for treatment of severe sepsis and septic shock.

Can vitamin C prevent infection with coronavirus or prevent deaths from covid-19? [SEP] this short review highlights the important scientific link between vitamin d levels and susceptibility to covid-19 in patients. |||

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] our findings provide impetus to explore the role of vitamin d supplementation in reducing the risk for sars-cov-2 infection and covid-19 disease.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] to determine the effect of vitamin d supplementation on disease progression and post-exposure prophylaxis for covid-19 infection.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] this review discussed the possible roles of vitamin d in reducing the risk of covid-19 and other acute respiratory tract infections and severity.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] in this review, we focus on the potential mechanisms of vitamin d in the pathogenesis of covid-19.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] speculative hypotheses and observational data have suggested a protective role of vitamin d in covid-19.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] while further confirmation is needed, vitamin d supplementation may have prevention or treatment potential for covid-19 disease.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] great interest has been raised by the possible protective role of vitamin d in coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19), but objective data on 25(oh)vitamin d deficiency in hospitalized covid-19 patients are not conclusive.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] since the outbreak of the coronavirus disease-2019 (covid-19) pandemic, several articles have suggested the potential involvement of vitamin d in reducing the risk and severity of the disease.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] as an immune modulator, vitamin d has been implicated in the coronavirus disease-2019 (covid-19) outcome.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] there is a strong plausible biological hypothesis and evolving epidemiological data supporting a role for vitamin d in covid-19.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] we aim to systematically explore the association of vitamin d serum levels with covid-19 severity and prognosis.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] serum vitamin d levels could be implicated in the covid-19 prognosis.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] vitamin d might have beneficial potential in influencing the natural history of the coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) due to its immunomodulatory and anti-inflammatory properties.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] evidence suggests that vitamin d supplementation could potentially be effective either in treatment or prevention of coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19).

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] conclusions: in this retrospective study, vitamin d deficiency showed a signal of association with severe covid-19 infection.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] vitamin d deficiency co-exists in patients with covid-19.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] we hypothesize that vitamin d status may influence the severity of responses to covid-19 and that the prevalence of vitamin d deficiency in europe will be closely aligned to covid-19 mortality.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] to examine whether vitamin d deficiency and treatment are associated with testing positive for covid-19.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] whether vitamin d is associated with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) incidence is unknown.

Does vitamin D prevent covid-19 disease? Does vitamin D mitigate the course of Covid 19 disease? [SEP] vitamin d deficiency that is not sufficiently treated is associated with covid-19 risk. |||

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] in view of non-availability of suitable vaccine for prevention or no established definitive therapy for sars-cov-2, plasma therapy is gaining importance in a current pandemic as one of the treatment options for the treatment of covid-19.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] however, our results showed that plasma therapy produces notable improvements in patients' clinical symptoms and radiological and biochemical parameters associated with covid-19 infection.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] although convalescent plasma has historically proven beneficial in the treatment of some viral diseases, its use is still explorative in the context of covid-19.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] plasma provided by covid-19 convalescent patients may provide therapeutic relief as the number of covid-19 cases escalates steeply worldwide.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] convalescent plasma is a leading treatment for coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19), but there is a paucity of data identifying its therapeutic efficacy.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] hyper-immune/convalescent plasma derived from recently recovered donors seems to be useful to treat covid-19 patients, an addition to maximal supportive care and antiviral agents.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] although promising, convalescent plasma has not yet been shown to be safe as a treatment for covid-19.methodsthus, we analyzed key safety metrics after transfusion of abo-compatible human covid-19 convalescent plasma in 5000 hospitalized adults with severe or life-threatening covid-19, with 66% in the intensive care unit, as part of the us fda expanded access program for covid-19 convalescent plasma.resultsthe incidence of all serious adverse events (saes), including mortality rate (0.3%), in the first 4 hours after transfusion was <1%.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] convalescent plasma is being considered as a potential therapy for covid-19.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] convalescent plasma is emerging as a potentially safe and effective treatment option for patients severely or critically ill with covid-19.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] among the various treatment proposals for covid-19 infection, passive immunotherapy using plasma from recovering patients - "convalescent plasma" (cp)- could be a promising option in the treatment of sars-cov-2 infections.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] the lack of effective treatments against the 2019 coronavirus disease (covid-19) has led to the exploratory use of convalescent plasma for treating covid-19.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] although promising, convalescent plasma has not yet been shown to be safe as a treatment for covid-19.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] backgroundconvalescent plasma is the only antibody-based therapy currently available for patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19).

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] the principle of plasma therapy can be used for prophylaxis and treatment purpose.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 not yet has established its treatment, but convalescent plasma has been expected to increase survival rates as in the case with other emerging viral infections.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] prior findings in various viral respiratory diseases including sars-cov-related pneumonia suggest that convalescent plasma can reduce mortality, although formal proof of efficacy is still lacking.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) convalescent plasma has emerged as a promising therapy and has been granted emergency use authorization by the us food and drug administration for hospitalized covid-19 patients.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] we describe two cases of covid-19 treated with convalescent plasma infusion.

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] according to the world health organization (who), the use of plasma therapy is permitted when faced with «serious diseases for which there are no effective pharmacological treatments».

Is plasma therapy for covid-19 effective in preventing deaths? [SEP] until we have concrete evidence to prove otherwise, convalescent plasma therapy may be used as adjuvant therapy for treating covid-19 infection in critically ill patients. |||

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] effective therapies for patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) are needed, and clinical trial data have demonstrated that low-dose dexamethasone reduced mortality in hospitalized patients with covid-19 who required respiratory support.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] in this prospective meta-analysis of clinical trials of critically ill patients with covid-19, administration of systemic corticosteroids, compared with usual care or placebo, was associated with lower 28-day all-cause mortality.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] among patients with covid-19 and moderate or severe ards, use of intravenous dexamethasone plus standard care compared with standard care alone resulted in a statistically significant increase in the number of ventilator-free days (days alive and free of mechanical ventilation) over 28 days.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] to determine whether intravenous dexamethasone increases the number of ventilator-free days among patients with covid-19-associated ards.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] to investigate the effect of corticosteroid on hospital mortality, hospital length of stay, and time of viral clearance in patients with severe and critical covid-19.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] corticosteroid therapy in patients with severe covid-19 cannot reduce the hospital mortality, and is not associated with delayed viral clearance, but it could relieve the inflammatory storm and improve clinical symptoms in brief.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] patients with 2009 pandemic influenza a(h1n1pdm09)-related critical illness were frequently treated with systemic corticosteroids.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] corticosteroids were commonly prescribed for h1n1pdm09-related critical illness.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] prospective meta-analysis that pooled data from 7 randomized clinical trials that evaluated the efficacy of corticosteroids in 1703 critically ill patients with covid-19.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] a substantial proportion of critically ill covid-19 patients develop thromboembolic complications, but it is unclear whether higher doses of thromboprophylaxis are associated with lower mortality rates.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] in an observational cohort study of adults with h1n1pdm09-related critical illness from 51 canadian icus, we investigated predictors of steroid administration and outcomes of patients who received and those who did not receive corticosteroids.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] in this clinical practice setting, low-dose corticosteroid treatment was associated with reduced risk of in-hospital death within 60 days in covid-19 patients who developed ards.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] in this study of critically ill patients with covid-19 and acute respiratory failure, low-dose hydrocortisone, compared with placebo, did not significantly reduce treatment failure (defined as death or persistent respiratory support) at day 21.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] while observational studies have reported significant corticosteroid-associated mortality after adjusting for baseline differences in patients treated with corticosteroids or not, corticosteroids have remained a common treatment in subsequent influenza outbreaks, including avian influenza a(h7n9).

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] patients with severe covid-19 could benefit from low-dose corticosteroid treatment.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] dexamethasone use might attenuate lung injury in these patients.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] this study was designed to determine whether systemic glucocorticoid treatment in covid-19 patients is associated with reduced mortality or mechanical ventilation.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] the impact of corticosteroid therapy on outcomes of patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) is highly controversial.

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] in cox regression analysis using corticosteroid treatment as a time-varying variable, corticosteroid treatment was associated with a significant reduction in risk of in-hospital death within 60 days after adjusting for age, sex, sofa score at hospital admission, propensity score of corticosteroid treatment, comorbidities, antiviral treatment, and respiratory supports (hr 0.42; 95% ci 0.21, 0.85; p = 0.0160).

Does treatment with cortisone-like drugs such as dexamethasone ensure that more critically ill patients survive Covid 19 disease? [SEP] to determine the effect of hydrocortisone on treatment failure on day 21 in critically ill patients with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) infection and acute respiratory failure. |||

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] holy water in churches and chapels may cause infections via wetting of lips and sprinkling on persons.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] holy water can be another source of infection, especially in hospital chapels and frequently visited churches.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] our aim was to assess the microbiological and chemical water quality of holy springs and holy water in churches and hospital chapels.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] even drinking water is contaminated with pathogenic microorganisms.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] consumption of microbiologically contaminated water leads to diseases such as amoebiasis, cholera, shigellosis, typhoid, and viral infections leading to gastroenteritis and hepatitis b.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] use of holy springs and holy water is inherent in religious activities.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] our investigation strongly suggests existing of a synergic effect especially among cd, f and hardness of water which could lead to severe kidney damage in mice, even at who maximum recommended levels.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] exposure to the patient and the or equipment has the potential to increase the risk of infection should the hcu water come in contact with the patient.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] water intoxication with resultant epilepticus was caused by ingestion of nearly 150 ml/kg of fresh water on the day of presentation.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] all holy water samples from churches and hospital chapels showed extremely high concentrations of hpc; fecal indicators, pseudomonas aeruginosa and staphylococcus aureus occurred only in the most frequently visited churches.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] consumption of contaminated water causes health risk to the public, and the situation is alarming in rural areas.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] holy spring water is also used extensively for personal drinking water, although not assessed according to drinking water standards.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] at first glance, the symptoms or behaviors of self-induced water intoxication are similar to schizophrenia, i.e., inappropriate behavior, delusions, hallucinations, confusion, and disorientation.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] unsafe drinking water presents a particular threat to people living with hiv/aids (plhiv) due to the increased risk of opportunistic infections, diarrhea-associated malabsorption of essential nutrients, and increased exposure to untreated water for children of hiv-positive mothers who use replacement feeding to reduce the risk of hiv transmission.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] by an animal trial, we investigated the synergic effect(s) of heavy metals, aluminium, arsenic, fluoride and hardness in drinking water on kidney tissues of mice.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] the effect of chemical contaminations in drinking water on human being is found to be chronic rather than acute and hence can be defined "consumption of contaminated drinking water could be a silent killer".

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] we present a unique case of accidental ingestion of a large amount of dead sea water through a gastrostomy tube in which a patient with familial dysautonomia presented with severe electrolyte disturbances.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] enteric infections resulting from the consumption of contaminated drinking water, inadequate supply of water for personal hygiene, and poor sanitation take a heavy toll worldwide, and developing countries are the major sufferers.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] levels of fecal contamination on hands of mothers and children were positively correlated to fecal contamination in stored drinking water within households.

Can contact with holy water make you sick? [SEP] it has been suggested that dirty hands play a role in microbial contamination of drinking water during collection, transport, and storage. |||

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] published evidence supports echinacea's benefit in decreasing the incidence and duration of the common cold.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] echinacea is a widely used herbal remedy for the treatment of colds and other infections.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] some studies have concluded that echinacea effectively reduces the symptoms and duration of the common cold.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] echinacea, a native of north america, is widely used to prevent, or provide early treatment for, colds.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] the objective of this review was to assess the effects of preparations containing extracts of echinacea in the prevention and treatment of the common cold.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] echinacea is a popular herbal medicine used in the treatment of common cold and it is also a prominent dietary supplement used throughout the world.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] are echinacea products associated with a reduced incidence and a shorter duration of common colds compared with placebo?

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] echinacea is one of the most commonly used herbal products, but controversy exists about its benefit in the prevention and treatment of the common cold.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] echinacea is an herbal supplement commonly used as an immune system stimulant to prevent infections, such as the common cold or flu.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] echinacea decreased the odds of developing the common cold by 58% (or 0.42; 95% ci 0.25-0.71; q statistic p<0.001) and the duration of a cold by 1.4 days (wmd -1.44, -2.24 to -0.64; p=0.01).

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] echinacea preparations are widely used herbal medicines for the prevention and treatment of colds and minor infections.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] individual prophylaxis trials show no association with prevention of the common cold, but exploratory meta-analysis suggests that echinacea products may be associated with a small reduction in cold incidence.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] numerous clinical trials have been carried out on echinacea preparations: it appears that the extracts shorten the duration and severity of colds and other upper respiratory infections (uris) when given as soon as symptoms become evident.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] recently, echinacea has regained popularity as one of the treatments chosen most commonly by consumers with the expectation that it will reduce the severity and duration of the common cold.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] in addition to widespread use in reducing the symptoms of colds and flu, echinacea is traditionally employed to treat fungal and bacterial infections.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] echinacea extracts have traditionally been used in the treatment of many infectious and other diseases (such as rhinovirus colds), and research has revealed the presence of various bioactivities in these extracts, particularly those connected with immune responses.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] preparations of echinacea are widely used as alternative remedies to prevent the common cold and infections in the upper respiratory tract.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] echinacea supplementation may assist with the symptoms of acute respiratory infections (ari) and the common cold, particularly when administered at the first sign of infection; however, no studies using echinacea in the prevention or treatment of conditions similar to covid-19 have been identified.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] current evidence suggests that echinacea supplementation may decrease the duration and severity of acute respiratory tract infections; however, no studies using echinacea in the prevention or treatment of conditions similar to covid-19 have been identified.

Can Echinacea protect against colds? [SEP] thus, we did a meta-analysis evaluating the effect of echinacea on the incidence and duration of the common cold. |||

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] some studies have concluded that echinacea effectively reduces the symptoms and duration of the common cold.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] are echinacea products associated with a reduced incidence and a shorter duration of common colds compared with placebo?

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] published evidence supports echinacea's benefit in decreasing the incidence and duration of the common cold.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] echinacea is a widely used herbal remedy for the treatment of colds and other infections.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] the objective of this review was to assess the effects of preparations containing extracts of echinacea in the prevention and treatment of the common cold.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] echinacea is a popular herbal medicine used in the treatment of common cold and it is also a prominent dietary supplement used throughout the world.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] echinacea is one of the most commonly used herbal products, but controversy exists about its benefit in the prevention and treatment of the common cold.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] recently, echinacea has regained popularity as one of the treatments chosen most commonly by consumers with the expectation that it will reduce the severity and duration of the common cold.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] echinacea decreased the odds of developing the common cold by 58% (or 0.42; 95% ci 0.25-0.71; q statistic p<0.001) and the duration of a cold by 1.4 days (wmd -1.44, -2.24 to -0.64; p=0.01).

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] echinacea has been widely used as an herbal remedy for the common cold, but efficacy studies have produced conflicting results, and there are a variety of echinacea products on the market with different phytochemical compositions.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] echinacea preparations are widely used herbal medicines for the prevention and treatment of colds and minor infections.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] in addition to widespread use in reducing the symptoms of colds and flu, echinacea is traditionally employed to treat fungal and bacterial infections.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] individual prophylaxis trials show no association with prevention of the common cold, but exploratory meta-analysis suggests that echinacea products may be associated with a small reduction in cold incidence.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] echinaceae purpureae herba (echinacin, ec31j0) has shown promising results in the relief of common cold symptoms and the time taken to improvement compared to placebo.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] fluid extracts of echinacea purpurea are widely used for the prevention and treatment of colds and respiratory infections, although the clinical efficacy of this agent has not been proven.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] treatment with fluid extract of echinacea purpurea did not significantly decrease the incidence, duration or severity of colds and respiratory infections compared to placebo.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] preparations of echinacea are widely used as alternative remedies to prevent the common cold and infections in the upper respiratory tract.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] echinacea extracts have traditionally been used in the treatment of many infectious and other diseases (such as rhinovirus colds), and research has revealed the presence of various bioactivities in these extracts, particularly those connected with immune responses.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] thus, we did a meta-analysis evaluating the effect of echinacea on the incidence and duration of the common cold.

Can echinacea relieve the discomfort of colds??? [SEP] randomised and quasi-randomised trials comparing preparations containing an extract of echinacea compared with a placebo, no treatment, or another treatment for common colds. |||

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] the purpose of this study is to evaluate the potential beneficial effects of loe extract on fatigue and ergogenic functions following physiological challenge.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] the findings showed that lev promotes an important cognitive enhancement in the executive functions.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] safety assessment is reported of an orally ingested dihydroquercetin-rich extract (lavitol) derived from the dahurian larch tree, used as a food additive and as a dietary supplement ingredient.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] in conclusion, probiotic strain lafti® l10 exerts certain antioxidant potential, but further research is needed.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] our study shows that 4-week supplementation with loe increases muscle glycogen content storage to enhance exercise performance and anti-fatigue effects.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] lycopene is a potent antioxidant found in such diets with evidence suggesting beneficial effects.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was conducted, in order to evaluate if lactobacillus helveticus lafti® l10 (lallemand health solutions, montreal, canada) supplementation during three months could influence oxidative markers in the population of elite athletes: triathletes, cyclists and endurance athletes.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] the larches, the larix genus of plants are known as a natural source of taxifolin (dihydroquercetin), and extracts of its taxifolin rich xylem are used in dietary supplements to maintain health.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] loe supplementation was able to dose-dependently increase endurance swimming time (p<0.0001) and decrease levels of serum lactate (p=0.0022), ammonia (p<0.0001), creatine kinase (p<0.0001), blood urea nitrogen (p<0.0001) and glucose utilization (p<0.0001) after acute exercise challenge.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] to date, few studies have demonstrated the effect of loe supplementation on exercise performance, physical fatigue and biochemical profile.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] we wished to investigate the effects of lycopene on the vasculature in cvd patients and separately, in healthy volunteers (hv).

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] in the present study, to assess biological activities of a methanol extract of the japanese larch, larix kaempferi (lk-me), the effects of lk-me on cell viability, inflammatory cytokine expression, and glycation were investigated.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] physical complaints were assessed by the patient health questionnaire-15 and la- or treatment-related qol by the apheresis quality of life form, developed for this study.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] there is evidence for beneficial effects of lipoprotein apheresis (la) in terms of reduction of cardiovascular events and interventions, but quality of life (qol) in la patients has only been explored in small samples.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] lycopene supplementation improves endothelial function in cvd patients on optimal secondary prevention, but not in hvs.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] to determine the effectiveness of homeopathic medicine lappa in treatment of acne vulgaris.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] in this study, both la- or treatment-related and health-related qol (hrqol) were assessed in 206 la patients.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] edv in cvd patients post-lycopene improved by 53% (95% ci: +9% to +93%, p = 0.03 vs. placebo) without changes to eidv, or basal no responses.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] lappa has shown positive effects in the treatment of acne especially of inflammatory type.

Does taking LaVita promote health or physical and mental performance? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] although the impact on qol of la patients does most probably not outweigh the cardiovascular benefits of the treatment, it is important to screen treatment-related qol in la patients to optimize care in a personalized way. |||

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] background: toothpastes containing nano-hydroxyapatite (n-hap) substituted with metal ions provide calcium and phosphate ions to dental hard tissues, reducing demineralization, and promoting remineralization.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] to compare the effect of nano-hydroxyapatite (9000 ppm f) and casein phosphopeptide-amorphous calcium phosphate fluoride (900 ppm f) pastes on initial enamel carious lesions of young permanent teeth.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] nano-hydroxyapatite and casein phosphopeptide-amorphous calcium phosphate fluoride pastes were effec -tive in rehardening the initial enamel caries lesions in young permanent teeth.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] the aim of this study was to compare the effectiveness of nano-hydroxyapatite (nano-hap) paste and fluoride varnish in remineralizing initial enamel lesion in young permanent teeth and their ability to resist secondary caries under dynamic ph cycling quantitatively and qualitatively.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] for those using a tooth whitener without a desensitizing agent, this study indicates that a paste containing nano-hydroxyapatite crystal can effectively reduce the duration of tooth sensitivity.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] toothpastes containing hydroxyapatite (ha-toothpaste) have demonstrated efficacy in preventing caries, treating hypersensitivity and curing periodontal diseases, however, their effects on whitening teeth have not been investigated.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] it is concluded that toothpaste containing hydroxyapatite are effective at whitening tooth and that whitening was not due to their polishing effect on tooth surface.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] hydroxyapatite paste applied with the technique adopted in the current study has a high potential to be a useful aid in the treatment of dentine hypersensitivity.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] in this study, the polishing and whitening properties of hydroxyapatite contained toothpastes were evaluated in a combined experimental and clinical study.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] the application of the hydroxyapatite paste to dentine significantly decreased dentine permeability (p < 0.05).

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] the aim of this study is to test the efficacy of a hydroxyapatite paste to decrease dentine permeability and resist an erosion challenge.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] the results revealed that the addition of hydroxyapatite to toothpaste did not alter its polishing properties, while it did result in a marked increase in tooth-whiting.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] the aim of the present research was to evaluate in vitro the effects of a dentifrice with nanohydroxyapatite (nano-hap) on the roughness, color, lightness, and brightness (gloss) of bovine enamel subjected to ph cycling.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] this study aimed to compare and evaluate the remineralization potential of commercially available agents containing nano-hydroxyapatite (nano-ha), casein phosphopeptide-amorphous calcium phosphate fluoride (cpp-acpf), and tricalcium phosphate (tcp) on artificially induced white spot lesions in primary teeth.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] recently, enamel and dentinal surface remineralization using hydroxyapatite nano- and microparticles has been proposed; however, commercial remineralizing toothpastes are quite expensive, mostly due to the high costs of hydroxyapatite.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] this study aimed to assess the effect of nano-hydroxyapatite (nha) on microhardness of artificially created carious lesions.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] it was also found that the brightening and whitening properties increased as the amount of hydroxyapatite in the toothpaste increased.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] the mann-whitney test (p < 0.05) was used to compare the effects of using the hydroxyapatite paste on dentine permeability and calcium/phosphate ratio of the treated dentine surfaces.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] these results, coupled with acid-neutralization and good mechanical properties shown previously, indicate that the nacp-based nanocomposites are promising for restorations to inhibit caries and protect tooth structures.

Do dental care products with nanoparticles of hydroxyapatite help pain-sensitive teeth? And can they prevent caries or repair already affected, decayed tooth enamel? [SEP] no significant difference was found in mean surface microhardness in teeth treated with nano-hydroxyapatite paste and those treated with casein phosphopeptide-amorphous calcium phosphate fluoride p = 0.26. |||

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] observations from clinical trials have frequently demonstrated that light therapy can be an effective therapy for seasonal and non-seasonal major depression.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] light therapy has been successfully used to treat seasonal and non-seasonal depression, but there is limited evidence for its efficacy in subthreshold depression.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] the present study, a 1- to 2-week open trial of bright (greater than or equal to 2,000 lux) incandescent light with seasonal (fall/winter) and nonseasonal depressives, produced a therapeutic effect on seasonal depression, as measured by three criteria for recovery: final score on the hamilton rating scale for depression (hrsd) less than 10; final hrsd score less than or equal to 50% of pretreatment hrsd score; no longer meets dsm-iii criteria for major depressive disorder.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] investigators, in studies demonstrating the usefulness of bright light therapy, also have implicated light's role in non-seasonal depression.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] previous reports have shown that bright light exposure may benefit patients with seasonal depression.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] previous studies suggest that light therapy, as used to treat seasonal affective disorder, may be beneficial for pre-menstrual depressive disorders.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] however, considering that light therapy has minimal side-effects and our meta-analysis demonstrated that a significant proportion of patients achieved a clinically significant response, light therapy may be effective for patients with non-seasonal depression and can be a helpful additional therapeutic intervention for depression.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] light therapy is a known treatment for patients with seasonal affective disorder.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] light therapy is a well-established treatment option for seasonal affective disorders and is effective in reducing sleep problems and daytime fatigue.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] this study examines the efficacy of light therapy for symptoms of depression and anxiety in non-seasonal subthreshold depression.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] light therapy (lt) has been widely used in the treatment of seasonal affective disorder.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] antidepressant and energizing effects of bright light exposure (phototherapy) have been widely reported to occur in patients with seasonal affective disorder.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] to provide the current state of evidence for efficacy of light therapy in non-seasonal depressive disorders.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] light therapy, both at high- and low-intensity, was efficacious in the treatment of college students with non-seasonal subthreshold depression.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] in the present study, the possible therapeutic effect of bright light in nonseasonal major depressive disorder was examined.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] our findings suggest that light therapy is generally applicable to depressive illnesses, and that the light intensities commonly used are suboptimal.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] a meta-analysis including 881 participants from 20 rcts demonstrated a beneficial effect of light therapy in non-seasonal depression (standardised mean difference in depression score -0.41 (95% ci -0.64 to -0.18)).

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] a highly predictable onset of a recurrent depressive episode with seasonal pattern provides a rationale for testing the efficacy of bright-light treatment as a preventive measure.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] phototherapy is regularly used in the treatment of seasonal affective disorder.

Can light therapy with light lamps relieve the symptoms of autumn-winter depression? [SEP] the effects of treatment with bright light in different forms of depressive conditions are described. |||

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] we hypothesize that high-dose vitamin d3 supplementation will reduce risk of hospitalization/death among those with recently diagnosed covid-19 infection and will reduce risk of covid-19 infection among their close household contacts.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] in conclusion, bolus vitamin d3 supplementation during or just before covid-19 was associated in frail elderly with less severe covid-19 and better survival rate.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] this review discussed the possible roles of vitamin d in reducing the risk of covid-19 and other acute respiratory tract infections and severity.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] the objective of this quasi-experimental study was to determine whether bolus vitamin d3 supplementation taken during or just before covid-19 was effective in improving survival among frail elderly nursing-home residents with covid-19.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] vitamin d might have beneficial potential in influencing the natural history of the coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) due to its immunomodulatory and anti-inflammatory properties.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] to determine the effect of vitamin d supplementation on disease progression and post-exposure prophylaxis for covid-19 infection.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] vitamin d may be a central biological determinant of covid-19 outcomes.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] vitamin c's antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating effects make it a potential therapeutic candidate, both for the prevention and amelioration of covid-19 infection, and as an adjunctive therapy in the critical care of covid-19.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] we concluded that the daily supplementation of 2000-5000 iu/day of vitamin d3 in older adults with pd has the potential to slow the progression of pd while also potentially offering additional protection against covid-19.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] finally, vitamin d3 supplementation was inversely associated with osci score for covid-19 (β=-3.84 [95 %ci:-6.07;-1.62], p = 0.001).

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] these findings suggested that vitamin d deficiency impacts covid-19 hospitalization and severity in the chinese population.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] in this single-center, retrospective cohort study, likely deficient vitamin d status was associated with increased covid-19 risk, a finding that suggests that randomized trials may be needed to determine whether vitamin d affects covid-19 risk.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] randomised trials are needed to prove a beneficial role for vitamin d in the prevention of severe covid-19 reactions or death.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] supplementation of micronutrients during the pandemic could be beneficial during pregnancy for prevention.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] whether vitamin d is associated with coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) incidence is unknown.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] vitamin d deficiency that is not sufficiently treated is associated with covid-19 risk.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] testing and treatment for vitamin d deficiency to address covid-19 warrant aggressive pursuit and study.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] this literature review focuses on vitamin c deficiency in respiratory infections, including covid-19, and the mechanisms of action in infectious disease, including support of the stress response, its role in preventing and treating colds and pneumonia, and its role in treating sepsis and covid-19.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] we aimed to establish whether blood 25-hydroxyvitamin d (25(oh)d) concentration was associated with covid-19 risk, and whether it explained the higher incidence of covid-19 in black and south asian people.

Does vitamin B3 protect against severe covid-19 events? [SEP] a systematic literature review on the risk factors of severe and fatal covid-19 courses is presented. |||

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] some clinical trials have looked at the neuroprotective effects of coenzyme q10 in patients with early and midstage parkinson's disease.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] some clinical trials have looked at the neuroprotective effects of coenzyme q10 in patients with early and midstage parkinson's disease.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] the therapeutic value of coenzyme q10 in parkinson's disease and other neurodegenerative disorders is still being tested and the preliminary results are promising.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] coenzyme q10 therapy with 1200 mg/d for 16 months was well tolerated by patients with parkinson's disease.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] coenzyme q10 therapy with 1200 mg/d for 16 months was well tolerated by patients with parkinson's disease.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] we investigated the potential usefulness of coenzyme q10 in animal models of parkinson's disease (pd), amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als) and huntington's disease (hd).

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] to assess the evidence from randomized controlled trials on the efficacy and safety of treatment with coenzyme q10 compared to placebo in patients with early and midstage parkinson's disease.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] to assess the evidence from randomized controlled trials on the efficacy and safety of treatment with coenzyme q10 compared to placebo in patients with early and midstage parkinson's disease.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] studies supporting the efficacy of coenzyme q10 appear most promising for neurodegenerative disorders such as parkinson's disease and certain encephalomyopathies for which coenzyme q10 has gained orphan drug status.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] a number of preclinical studies in both in vitro and in vivo models of parkinson's disease have demonstrated that coenzyme q10 can protect the nigrostriatal dopaminergic system.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] a number of preclinical studies in both in vitro and in vivo models of parkinson's disease have demonstrated that coenzyme q10 can protect the nigrostriatal dopaminergic system.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] coenzyme q10 (coq10), an antioxidant that supports mitochondrial function, has been shown in preclinical parkinson disease (pd) models to reduce the loss of dopamine neurons, and was safe and well tolerated in early-phase human studies.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] backgrounds and aims: clinical studies demonstrated that the efficacy of coenzyme q10 (coq10) as an adjuvant therapeutic agent in several neurological diseases such as parkinson disease (pd), huntington disease (hd), and migraine.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] coenzyme q10 (coq10) is an essential cofactor in the mitochondrial respiratory chain, and as a dietary supplement it has recently gained attention for its potential role in the treatment of neurodegenerative disease.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] we included randomized controlled trials (rcts) that compared coenzyme q10 to placebo for patients who suffered early and midstage primary parkinson's disease.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] we included randomized controlled trials (rcts) that compared coenzyme q10 to placebo for patients who suffered early and midstage primary parkinson's disease.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] coenzyme q(10) (coq(10)) exerts neuroprotective effects in several in vivo and in vitro models of neurodegenerative disorders.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] coenzyme q10 (coq(10)), a potential neuroprotective compound, was previously investigated at a dosage of 600 mg/day in huntington's disease (hd) patients and demonstrated a trend toward slowing disease progression.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] in this perspective, we describe a recent study that shows that treatment of human patients with the antioxidant coenzyme q(10'), which functions in concert with certain mitochondrial enzymes, reduced the worsening of symptoms associated with pd.

Does taking coenzyme Q10 improve movement disorders in Parkinson's disease? [SEP] coenzyme q10 appears to be a safe supplement with minimal side effects and low drug interaction potential. |||

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) treatment is a non-surgical fat reduction procedure that permanently destroys unwanted abdominal fat.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound was found to be an effective treatment in reducing localized adiposities in the abdominal region.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] hifu treatment effectively reduced abdominal fat in a porcine model; it accurately treated the target subcutaneous fat layer and the subcutaneous fat was reduced effectively via ultrasonic measurement after hifu treatment.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound is an effective and safe treatment modality for reducing waist circumference in nonobese individuals with focal fat accumulation.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] nonfocused low-intensity ultrasound is generally believed to be less efficacious than high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) at body fat reduction; nevertheless, this technology has already been widely used clinically for body contouring purposes.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound effectively decreases waist circumference in chinese.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] non-invasive devices for fat reduction involving high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) are attracting attention.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] we evaluated the efficacy and safety of a thermal high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) device for abdominal body shaping.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] hifu treatment at different energy levels and multiple tissue depths was well tolerated and effective in reducing waist circumference.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) is a non-invasive uterine-preserving treatment alternative to hysterectomy for women with fibroids.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) has been proven effective in body sculpting when used noninvasively to reduce subcutaneous fat and improve body contour.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] high intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) treatment in the abdominal cavity is challenging due to the respiratory motion.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) is a minimally invasive technique that has been used for the treatment of both benign and malignant tumours.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] this study validated nonfocused low-intensity ultrasound as an effective and safe method for body fat reduction, especially with repetitive treatment.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] although high intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) is a promising technology for tumor treatment, a moving abdominal target is still a challenge in current hifu systems.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) has been applied clinically for the noninvasive treatment of pathological conditions in various organs for over 50 years; however, there are little data describing the use of thermal hifu to ablate fat for body contouring and treatment of collagen-rich layers.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) is a noninvasive thermodestructive procedure targeting internal organs with concentrated sonification energy that may cause pain.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] the clinical use of high intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) therapy for noninvasive tissue ablation has been recently gaining momentum.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) is a noninvasive technology for body contouring.

Does treatment with focused high-intensity ultrasound (HIFU) reduce abdominal girth? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) is a highly precise medical procedure used locally to heat and destroy diseased tissue through ablation. |||

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] background: higher sugar consumption may increase cancer risk by promoting insulin-glucose dysregulation, oxidative stress, hormonal imbalances, and excess adiposity.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] associations between dietary sugars and lifestyle-related cancer risk from longitudinal studies were evaluated.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] sugars intake was associated with increased risk of colorectal cancer among smokers and non-alcohol drinkers in men selectively.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] total sugar intake was associated with higher overall cancer risk (n = 2503 cases; hr for quartile 4 compared with quartile 1: 1.17; 95% ci: 1.00, 1.37; ptrend = 0.02).

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] in two of five studies on added sugars, a 60-95% increased cancer risk was observed with higher intakes.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] high sugar intake may increase cancer risk by promoting insulin-glucose dysregulation, oxidative stress, inflammation, and body adiposity, but epidemiologic evidence is unclear.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] experimental data suggest that sugars could play a role in cancer etiology through obesity but also through inflammatory and oxidative mechanisms and insulin resistance, even in the absence of weight gain.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] a diet high in sugars may promote colorectal carcinogenesis, but it remains uncertain whether high intake of sugars or sucrose confers increased risk of colorectal cancer.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] in men, sugars intake tended to be associated with colorectal cancer risk inversely among never-smokers and positively among male ever-smokers (interaction p=0.01).

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] we investigated whether higher consumption of sugar-sweetened soft drinks increases the risk of pancreatic cancer.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] a parallel increase in sugar intake, which may facilitate carcinogenesis by promoting hyperglycaemia, led us to examine sugar/carbohydrate intake in association with ea/gca incidence and survival.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] the consumption of sweet beverages has been associated with greater risk of type 2 diabetes and obesity, which may be involved in the development of pancreatic cancer.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] these results suggest that sugars may represent a modifiable risk factor for cancer prevention (breast in particular), contributing to the current debate on the implementation of sugar taxation, marketing regulation, and other sugar-related policies.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] although previous studies have linked intake of sugars with incidence of cancer and other chronic diseases, its association with mortality remains unknown.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] consumption of added sugars has been implicated in increased risk of a variety of chronic diseases including obesity, cardiovascular disease, diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld) as well as cognitive decline and even some cancers.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] higher sugar-sweetened beverage intake was associated with a significantly increased risk of cancer recurrence and mortality in stage iii colon cancer patients.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] our objective was to investigate whether the consumption of total added sugar and sugar-sweetened foods and beverages is associated with pancreatic cancer risk.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] the objective was to study the associations between total and added sugar intake and cancer risk (overall, breast, and prostate), taking into account sugar types and sources.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] our aim was to determine whether the consumption of sugar-sweetened or artificially sweetened soft drinks was associated with cancers other than those currently identified as being related to obesity.

Does sugar substitution increase the risk of developing or dying from cancer? [SEP] there was no association between frequency of consuming sugar-sweetened soft drinks and the risk of these cancers, but an unexpected positive association was observed for consumption of artificially sweetened soft drinks. |||

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] the present review focuses on the current status of delivery agents that use ozonated oils as antimicrobial agents in topical (dermal, skin, and soft tissues) treatments.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] ozonated oils are antiseptics obtained from the chemical reaction between ozone and unsaturated fatty acids of vegetable oils.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] ozone can react with vegetable oils to produce ozonized oils which have antimicrobial properties and can be used in dermatology.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] interest in the use of ozonated oils has meant that several ozonated-vegetable-oil-containing products have been commercialized as cosmetic and pharmaceutical agents, and in innovative textile products with antibacterial activity.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] ozone treatment of commercially available vegetable oils gives rise to the formation of chemical species that are responsible for the therapeutic properties of ozonated oil derivatives in dermatological diseases.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] the search for a wide spectrum of antimicrobial agents that can avoid resistance while maintaining reasonable side effects has led to ozonated oils experiencing an increase in scientific interest and clinical applications.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] the o. azureus essential oil alone or in combination with azoles is a promising antifungal agent in the treatment for human dermatomycoses caused by filamentous fungi.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] recently, interest has grown regarding the application of ozonated oil for vascular leg ulcer treatment.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate the antimicrobial effectiveness of a commercially available ozonated oil (o3-oil), in comparison with 0.2% chlorhexidine digluconate (chx) and 10% povidone-iodine (pvp-i) through a disk diffusion test.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] the "in vitro" antifungal activity of ozonized sunflower oil (bioperoxoil®) was tested on 101 samples of yeasts originating from onychomycosis using the disk diffusion method.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] the efficacy of an innovative spray formulation of ozonated oil and α-bisabolol combination in the topical treatment of chronic venous leg ulcers was evaluated compared with standard epithelialization cream.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] the innovative spray formulation of ozonated oil and α-bisabolol combination shows promise as an important new therapeutic option in the adjuvant treatment of venous ulcers.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] previous research has shown that some essential oils inhibit fungal growth.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] we determined the chemical composition and investigated the antifungal activity of otacanthus azureus (linden) ronse essential oil (eo) against a range of dermatophytes alone or in combination with azole antifungals.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] the treatment of vegetable oils with ozone leads to the creation of a reservoir of ozone that slowly releases into the skin thanks to the fact that ozone can be held as ozonides of unsaturated fatty acids.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] also, the oil had strong detrimental effect on spore germination of all the tested dermatophytic fungi as well as concentration and time-dependent kinetic inhibition of t. rubrum kctc 6375.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] the present results demonstrated that n. domestica mediated oil and extracts could be potential sources of natural fungicides to control certain important dermatophytic fungi.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] furthermore, the changes in ulcer surface area were significant for ozonated oil and α-bisabolol formulation only (p < .05), in particular, observing a significant and progressive reduction of the wound surface by 34%, 59%, and 73%, after 7, 14, and 30 days of treatment, respectively.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] essential oils such as rosmarinus officinalis, cinnamomum verum, and citrus paradisi may be useful for treating opportunistic and dermatophytic fungal diseases.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] the medical application of empirically prepared ozonated oil has yielded striking improvements with unexpected and rapid healing, compelling us to begin a long-range study aiming first to define the main characteristics of the most common ozonated vegetable oils, about which there is usually no medical consensus because of the lack of standardization of their technological parameters. |||

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] ozonated oils are antiseptics obtained from the chemical reaction between ozone and unsaturated fatty acids of vegetable oils.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] ozone can react with vegetable oils to produce ozonized oils which have antimicrobial properties and can be used in dermatology.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] interest in the use of ozonated oils has meant that several ozonated-vegetable-oil-containing products have been commercialized as cosmetic and pharmaceutical agents, and in innovative textile products with antibacterial activity.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] this study aimed to investigate the application of origanum vulgare l. essential oil (eo) as an alternative antimicrobial agent against vaginal infections.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] the "in vitro" antifungal activity of ozonized sunflower oil (bioperoxoil®) was tested on 101 samples of yeasts originating from onychomycosis using the disk diffusion method.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] the present review focuses on the current status of delivery agents that use ozonated oils as antimicrobial agents in topical (dermal, skin, and soft tissues) treatments.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] ozone treatment of commercially available vegetable oils gives rise to the formation of chemical species that are responsible for the therapeutic properties of ozonated oil derivatives in dermatological diseases.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] examination of potential of the o. vulgare eo as a main antimicrobial constituent within vaginalettes in gynaecological practice.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] experimental results indicated that the citronella oil has strong antifungal activity: 0.125 (v/v) and 0.25 % (v/v) citronella oil inhibited the growth of 5 × 10⁵ spore/ml conidia separately for 7 and 28 days while 0.5 % (v/v) citronella oil could completely kill the conidia of 5 × 10⁵ spore/ml.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] the oil was efficacious against several clinical fungal strains: candida parapsilosis, candida albicans, trichosporon asahii, candida tropicalis and candida guilliermondii.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate the antimicrobial effectiveness of a commercially available ozonated oil (o3-oil), in comparison with 0.2% chlorhexidine digluconate (chx) and 10% povidone-iodine (pvp-i) through a disk diffusion test.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] also, the oil had strong detrimental effect on spore germination of all the tested dermatophytic fungi as well as concentration and time-dependent kinetic inhibition of t. rubrum kctc 6375.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] the essential oil of lippia alba is reported as an antifungal against human pathogenic microorganisms but few articles report its use as an alternative to synthetic fungicides on green mould control.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] our results showed the interesting anti-aspergillus activity of o. vulgare essential oil supporting their possible use as anti-mould compound in food conservation.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] the treatment of vegetable oils with ozone leads to the creation of a reservoir of ozone that slowly releases into the skin thanks to the fact that ozone can be held as ozonides of unsaturated fatty acids.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] certain essential oils such as citronella oil contain antifungal activity, but the antifungal effect is still unknown.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] the search for a wide spectrum of antimicrobial agents that can avoid resistance while maintaining reasonable side effects has led to ozonated oils experiencing an increase in scientific interest and clinical applications.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] nevertheless, the citronella oil provides a potential of being a safe and environmentally friendly fungicide in the future.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] these in vitro results suggest that tea-tree oil may be useful in the treatment of yeast and fungal mucosal and skin infections.

Does ozonated vegetable oil help against vaginal fungus?? [SEP] the surviving conidia treated with 0.5 to 2 % citronella oil decreased by an order of magnitude every day, and no fungus survived after 10 days. |||

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] to combat this pandemic, effective screening techniques for infected patients are indispensable.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] screening asymptomatic individuals to detect early unapparent conditions is an important public health intervention strategy.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] health checks identify (risk factors for) disease in people without symptoms.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] population-based screening is conducted to detect diseases or other conditions in persons before symptoms appear; effective screening leads to early detection and treatment, thereby reducing disease-associated morbidity and mortality.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] screening for disease control can be defined as a preventive technology that is used to examine asymptomatic people in order to classify them as likely or unlikely to have the disease that is the object of screening.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] for infectious diseases, screening can benefit not only the individual with the disease but also the community, since infectious persons can be identified and treated prior to transmitting the disease to others.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] health screening is defined as the use of a test or a series of tests to detect unrecognized health risks or preclinical disease in apparently healthy populations to permit prevention and timely intervention.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] screening programs involve testing asymptomatic individuals with an accurate screening test to identify those likely to have the disease of interest and to further investigate them to confirm or exclude the disease.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] the active check-over for disease among apparently healthy people is a fundamental aspect of prevention.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] screening is a diagnostic activity applied to whole populations, or defined sections of populations, with the aim to detect the signs of disease before there are symptoms.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] the purpose of screening is to identify asymptomatic disease, or risk factors for disease, so that interventions can occur as early as possible in the disease process.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] community-based screening has been promoted to augment efficiency of diagnostic services, but few data are available on the downstream impact of such programmes.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] even so, screening will succeed only if the condition has a high prevalence in the population being screened, in order that enough persons with disease are identified and treated to justify the cost and the stress experienced by screen-positive, disease-negative subjects.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] a decision to introduce a screening program in public health services depends on the evidence that the benefits outweigh the harms of screening, disease burden, availability of suitable screening test, effective treatment, adequate resources, and efficient health services.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] this is perceivable by screening, which is a search of unrecognized disease or condition by means of rapidly applied test, examination or other procedures in apparently healthy individuals.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] preventive screening is widely recognized as a key component of cost-effective, high-quality health care.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] symptom screening is a recommended component of intensified case-finding (icf) for pulmonary tuberculosis (tb) among hiv-infected individuals.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] however, it is not clear whether health checks aimed at certain groups at high risk may reduce adverse health behaviour and identify persons with metabolic risk factors and non-communicable diseases (ncds).

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] patient willingness to undergo screening and recognition of relevance of screening were screening enablers.

Are health checks of symptom-free individuals (screening) effective in containing the pandemic? [SEP] it is therefore important to assess whether general health checks do more good than harm. |||

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] it has been suggested that melatonin may have therapeutic potential for alleviating jet lag.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] we concluded the use of oral melatonin probably reduces symptoms associated with jet lag syndrome.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] the circadian effects of melatonin in humans have led to its use to treat jet lag and circadian-based sleep disorders.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] the role of the pineal gland hormone, melatonin, in the synchronization of biological rhythms has raised interest in its use to alleviate jet lag.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] melatonin is being increasingly promoted as a treatment for "jet lag" and insomnia and has been suggested to act as an antioxidant in vivo.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] melatonin plays a role in maintaining sleep-wake rhythms; supplementation may help to regulate sleep disturbance that occur with jet lag, rotating shift-work and depression.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] thus, there is considerable clinical interest in using melatonin to treat disorders, such as jet-lag.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] both in field and simulated studies of jet lag and shift work suitably timed melatonin improved sleep and, in some cases, hastened readaptation of the circadian rhythms following the phase shift.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] the pineal hormone melatonin (n-acetyl-5-methoxytryptamine) is normally secreted at night: in animals it serves to transmit information about light-dark cycles to body physiology suitable timed administration will alleviate 'jet-lag' severity ratings in humans, the major effect being to improve sleep.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] indeed, recent studies support the use of this well-tolerated drug as a remedy for jet lag on long-haul flights.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] subjectively, melatonin also significantly reduced sleep-onset latency, heightened freshness on awakening, improved mood, and improved daytime functioning (p < .05).

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] if used in physiologic doses and at appropriate times, melatonin can be helpful for those suffering from insomnia or circadian rhythm disorders.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] pharmacological doses of melatonin were reported to have sleep-inducing effects in insomniacs.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] although melatonin is approved only for the treatment of jet-lag syndrome and some types of insomnia, clinical data suggest that it is effective in the adjunctive therapy of osteoporosis, cataract, sepsis, neurodegenerative diseases, hypertension, and even cancer.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] relative to placebo, melatonin significantly improved the quality and depth of nighttime sleep, reduced the number of nighttime awakenings, and increased the duration of sleep without producing a morning hangover (p < .05).

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] it has been suggested that the pineal hormone melatonin can modulate circadian rhythmicity and may have clinical utility in treating biological clock disorders.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] compared with placebo, melatonin advanced the sleep period in subjects with dsps.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] our results show a clear stabilizing effect of melatonin on sleep onset time with elimination of day time sleep, but no entrainment of rectal temperature or urinary cortisol rhythms.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] jet lag syndrome is an exogenous circadian rhythm sleep disorder, frequently reported in travelers who cross multiple time zones in a short period of time.

Does melatonin help against jet lag? [SEP] oral melatonin -a pineal neurohormone normally produced during darkness and responsible for regulating the body's circadian rhythms- has been used as treatment for this condition. |||

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] sunscreen has been shown to reduce the risk of certain skin cancers such as squamous cell carcinoma and melanoma.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] do the potential risks of sunscreen use outweigh the benefits?

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] numerous epidemiological investigations show that sunlight is carcinogenic to humans and that the use of sunscreen may be effective in decreasing the risk of skin cancer.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] this review of results of randomized controlled trials shows that the evidence, though limited, supports beneficial effects of sunscreen application on the occurrence of skin cancers and skin photoaging.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] use of sunscreens is widely advocated as a preventive measure against sun-induced skin cancers.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] sunscreen use is an effective way to protect the skin and reduce skin cancer risk.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] objective sun exposure is a primary preventable risk factor for skin cancer.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] approximately 86% of the subjects knew that sunscreen use could prevent sunburn, and 70% reported that sunscreen could prevent skin cancer.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] in epidemiologic studies, sunscreen use is associated with increased risk of cutaneous melanoma, basal cell skin cancer, and higher numbers of nevi.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] the most important avoidable cause of skin cancer is ultraviolet radiation from the sun, but sunscreens are often used in a suboptimal manner, compromising their effectiveness.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] sun exposure is the single most important risk factor for skin cancer, but sun exposure may also have beneficial effects on health.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] however, sunscreen use has paradoxically been associated with the increasing incidence of skin cancer.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] sunscreens are known to protect against sunlight-induced erythema and sunburn, but their efficiency at protecting against skin cancer is still a matter of debate.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] when people think about sun-protection or prevention of skin cancer, sunscreens readily come to mind.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] sun protective measures can reduce numbers of both precancerous actinic keratoses and cutaneous squamous cell carcinomas within relatively short periods of time even in high-risk populations.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] sunscreen is used as a primary strategy to prevent sunburn and later skin cancer.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] are claims that deem sunscreens unsafe true?

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] epidemiologic studies that link sunscreen use to skin cancer should evaluate whether sunburn occurred in this setting.

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] recent reports about sunscreen safety have received widespread media attention with headlines on many news broadcasts and web sites claiming, "your sunscreen may be giving you cancer."

Does sunscreen reduce the likelihood of skin cancer? [SEP] although we cannot exclude the presence of an unknown confounding factor, our results support the hypothesis that sunscreens do not protect against melanoma, probably because of their ability to delay or avoid sunburn episodes, which may allow prolonged exposure to unfiltered ultraviolet radiation. |||

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] travel restrictions have become a common disease control measure during the 2019 coronavirus disease pandemic (covid-19).

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] in response to the covid-19 pandemic, countries have implemented various strategies to reduce and slow the spread of the disease in the general population.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] at the time of writing, in july 2020, the covid-19 pandemic has already inflicted dramatic international restrictions, including airports closing and limiting international travel.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] after officially declared as a pandemic by the world health organization (who), drastic measures to restrict human movements to contain the covid-19 infection are employed by most of the countries.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] these findings can support evidence-based policy to combat the spread of covid-19, and prospective planning to mitigate future emerging pathogens.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] to slow down the spread of covid-19, governments worldwide are trying to identify infected people, and contain the virus by enforcing isolation, and quarantine.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] covid-19 pandemic provoked a number of restrictive measures, such as the closure or severe restriction of border transit for international trading traffic, quarantines and self-isolation.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] traveller screening is being used to limit further spread of covid-19 following its recent emergence, and symptom screening has become a ubiquitous tool in the global response.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] since the world health organization (who) declared covid-19 a global pandemic, several strict measures have been recommended to prevent and control the spread of the virus worldwide.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] the worldwide consensus that physical distancing is an effective instrument for mitigating the spread of the virus has led policymakers to temporarily limit the freedom of movement of people between and within countries, cities, and even neighborhoods.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] with covid-19 spreading around the world, many countries are exposed to the imported case risk from inbound international flights.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] the covid-19 pandemic is impacting national and international public health.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] therefore, this study aimed to assess the impact of precautionary measures to contain the covid-19 outbreak.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] vaccine entry requirements have proved effective in controlling the international spread of yellow fever but more can be done to ensure better use of this measure.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] precautionary measures adopted by the saudi arabian health authorities were evidently effective in controlling the spread and further burden of covid-19.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] in response to the covid-19 pandemic, numerous countries worldwide declared national states of emergency and implemented interventions to minimise the risk of transmission among the public.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] this study examined commercial airline passengers' health concerns and attitudes towards infection prevention and control measures for travel health and safety in the current covid-19 global pandemic.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] covid-19 and its associated travel bans have reduced international passenger traffic by over 80% below 2019 levels.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] for countries that have implemented restrictions on its population in a step-wise manner, monitoring of covid-19 prevalence is of importance to guide decision on when to impose new, or when to abolish old, restrictions.

Are international travel restrictions and border health checks effective in curbing the spread of covid-19? [SEP] evidence was needed to inform strategies for limiting covid-19 transmission on public transport. |||

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] hypnosis has a long-standing reputation in smoking cessation therapy, but its efficacy has not been scientifically proven.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] hypnosis has been shown to have treatment effects on nicotine addiction.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] hypnotherapy is widely promoted as a method for aiding smoking cessation.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] hypnotherapy is widely promoted as a method for aiding smoking cessation.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of hypnotherapy for smoking cessation.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] this article reviews 59 studies of hypnosis and smoking cessation as to whether the research empirically supports hypnosis as a treatment.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] the smokers reported decreased craving after hypnosis.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] this study investigated the mechanisms of smoking treatment based on hypnosis from two perspectives: immediate and follow-up effects.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] our study found that self-reported smoking craving decreased in both groups following hypnosis.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] the objective of this review was to evaluate the effects of hypnotherapy for smoking cessation.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] subjects participated in a single session group hypnosis treatment for smoking cessation.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] nevertheless, it seems justified to classify hypnosis as a "possibly efficacious" treatment for smoking cessation.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] we designed this randomised controlled trial to evaluate the effects of group hypnosis as a method for smoking cessation, and we will compare the results of group hypnosis with group relaxation.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] we identified two different mechanisms of hypnosis effect on smoking, which have important implications for design and optimization of hypnotic treatments on mental disorders.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] this preliminary study investigated the neural mechanisms of hypnosis-based treatment on cigarette smoking, specifically, whether the hypnosis involves a top-down or bottom-up mechanism.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] hypnosis has a therapeutic effect on substance dependence.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] this article describes common hypnotic and behavioral approaches to smoking cessation and critically reviews some of the findings from clinical and experimental research studies.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] we considered randomised trials of hypnotherapy which reported smoking cessation rates at least six months after the beginning of treatment.

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] twenty-four smokers screened from 132 volunteers underwent hypnosis suggestion and performed a smoking-related cue task twice during functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri) scanning (in normal and hypnotic states).

Does hypnosis help with smoking cessation? [SEP] in short, hypnosis cannot be considered a specific and efficacious treatment for smoking cessation. |||

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] denosumab reduced the incidence of new vertebral and hip fractures in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at higher risk for fracture.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] denosumab is a potent antiresorptive drug leading to significant reduction in the risk of vertebral and non-vertebral fractures in postmenopausal osteoporosis.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] denosumab significantly decreased the risk of clinical osteoporotic fractures in postmenopausal women.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] denosumab has been shown to reduce new vertebral, nonvertebral, and hip fractures in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] in randomized controlled trials, denosumab has been shown to significantly reduce the fracture risk in women with osteoporosis.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] denosumab, a rankl inhibitor, reduced the risk of vertebral, hip, and nonvertebral fractures in the fracture reduction evaluation of denosumab in osteoporosis every 6 months (freedom) trial of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis compared with placebo.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] the freedom (fracture reduction evaluation of denosumab in osteoporosis every 6 months) trial showed denosumab significantly reduced the risk of fractures in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] denosumab reduced bone resorption, increased bone mineral density (bmd), and decreased new vertebral, hip, and nonvertebral fracture risk in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis in the freedom trial.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] this paper presents a summary of the evidence review group (erg) report into denosumab for the prevention of osteoporotic fractures in postmenopausal women.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] we evaluated the effect of denosumab on the incidence of new vertebral and hip fractures in subgroups of women at higher risk for these fractures.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] studies in women with post-menopausal osteoporosis have shown that discontinuation of treatment with denosumab leads to an increased risk of vertebral fractures because of rebound bone turnover and rapid loss of bone mineral density (bmd).

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] compared with placebo, denosumab significantly reduced the risk of new vertebral fractures in women with multiple and/or severe prevalent vertebral fractures (16.6% placebo vs. 7.5% denosumab; p < 0.001).

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] denosumab has been shown to reduce the incidence of vertebral, nonvertebral, and hip fractures.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] denosumab is an approved therapy for postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high or increased risk for fracture.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] in the freedom study, denosumab reduced fracture risk and increased bone mineral density (bmd).

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] denosumab has been shown in a large randomised trial to reduce the frequency of osteoporotic fractures when given subcutaneously at 6-monthly intervals.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] denosumab is an efficacious and safe osteoporosis treatment option, with current data from up to 8 years of continued use showing continued improvement in bone density with sustained fracture risk reduction.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] denosumab specifically inhibits the receptor activator for nuclear factor-kappa b ligand (rankl), and prevents osteoporotic fractures.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] denosumab reduced fracture risk to a greater extent in those at moderate to high risk.

Does denosumab (Prolia) reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in osteoporosis? [SEP] clinical vertebral fractures occurred in 0.8% of women taking denosumab and 2.6% of control subjects. |||

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] recent reports imply that denosumab discontinuation may lead to an increased risk of multiple vertebral fractures.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] denosumab discontinuation has been associated with increased risk of rebound-associated multiple vertebral fractures.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] studies in women with post-menopausal osteoporosis have shown that discontinuation of treatment with denosumab leads to an increased risk of vertebral fractures because of rebound bone turnover and rapid loss of bone mineral density (bmd).

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] there appears to be an increased risk of multiple vertebral fractures after discontinuation of denosumab although strong evidence for such an effect and for measures to prevent the occurring bone loss is lacking.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] discontinuation of denosumab is associated with a rapid return of bone mineral density (bmd) to baseline and an increased risk of multiple vertebral fractures.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] the vertebral fracture rate increased upon denosumab discontinuation to the level observed in untreated participants.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] denosumab discontinuation is associated with a rebound effect manifesting by an increased risk of multiple spontaneous vertebral fractures.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] we analyzed the risk of new or worsening vertebral fractures, especially multiple vertebral fractures, in participants who discontinued denosumab during the freedom study or its extension.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] clinical case series report multiple vertebral fractures after discontinuation of denosumab and a renewed analysis of freedom and freedom extension trial suggests, albeit does not prove, that the risk of multiple vertebral fractures may be increased when denosumab is stopped due to a rebound increase in bone resorption.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] recently, there has been concern about the discontinuation of denosumab and the increased risk of multiple vertebral fractures that would be associated with rapid bone loss due to high bone turnover and consequent increase in markers of bone remodeling, far above the baseline values.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] a majority of participants who sustained a vertebral fracture after discontinuing denosumab had multiple vertebral fractures, with greatest risk in participants with a prior vertebral fracture.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] of 1001 participants who discontinued denosumab during freedom or extension, the vertebral fracture rate increased from 1.2 per 100 participant-years during the on-treatment period to 7.1, similar to participants who received and then discontinued placebo (n = 470; 8.5 per 100 participant-years).

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] during a period of 28 months (september 2015-january 2018) 7 women presenting spontaneous vertebral fractures after denosumab discontinuation were attended in the rheumatology department of our centre.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] denosumab discontinuation is characterized by an increase in bone turnover overriding pre-treatment status, a rapid bone loss in the majority and multiple vertebral fractures (vfx) in some patients.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] the occurrence of multiple vertebral fractures was reported after denosumab discontinuation.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] recently, an elevated risk of rebound fractures following denosumab discontinuation was identified, unless patients were transitioned to an alternative antiresorptive medication.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] we hypothesized that denosumab influences osteocyte function contributing to bone reorganization and increased fractures during discontinuation.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] we hypothesize that rebound-associated multiple vertebral fractures after denosumab discontinuation may occur, at least in some cases, sequentially instead of simultaneously.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] based on current data, denosumab should not be stopped without considering alternative treatment in order to prevent rapid bmd loss and a potential rebound in vertebral fracture risk.

Does discontinuation of denosumab increase the risk of vertebral fractures??? [SEP] we report the cases of three patients, two females and one male, who had manifested rebound-associated vertebral fractures after denosumab discontinuation and sustained new vertebral fractures a few months later. |||

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] magnesium supplementation is associated with improved depressive symptoms, but because the mechanism is unknown, it is unclear whether serum magnesium levels act as a biological predictor of the treatment outcome.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] magnesium has an effect on biological and transduction pathways implicated in the pathophysiology of depression.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] magnesium is effective for mild-to-moderate depression in adults.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] preclinical and clinical evidence suggests that magnesium, an n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor blocker, may be useful in the treatment of depression.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] oral magnesium supplementation may prevent depression and might be used as an adjunctive therapy.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] we systematically reviewed the possible links between magnesium and depression in humans.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] the possible role of magnesium in depression prevention and treatment remains unclear.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] a higher intake of dietary magnesium seems to be associated with lower depression symptoms though reverse causality cannot be excluded.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] serum magnesium may help identify the biological mechanism of depressive symptoms and identify patients likely to respond to magnesium supplementation.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] the growing body of evidence suggests that magnesium levels can serve as a marker of major depressive disorder (mdd), but findings from clinical trials remain inconclusive.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] disturbance in magnesium metabolism might be related to depression.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] several studies have looked at the association between magnesium and depression, yet its role in symptom management is unclear.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] magnesium (mg2+), an endogenous n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonist, has received increased attention recently because of its role in the pathophysiology of and treatment response in depression.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] for adults seen in primary care, lower serum magnesium levels are associated with depressive symptoms, supporting the use of supplemental magnesium as therapy.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] literature data has shown that acute administration of magnesium reduces immobility time in the mouse forced swimming test (fst), which suggests potential antidepressant activity in humans.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] magnesium (mg2+) has received considerable attention with regards to its potential role in the pathophysiology of the mood disorders, but the available evidence seems inconclusive.aimsto review and quantitatively summarise the human literature on mg2+ intake and mg2+ blood levels in the mood disorders and the effects of mg2+ supplements on mood.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] the obtained results may suggest a role of magnesium as a state marker reflecting the pathophysiological changes underlying mdd and accompanying severe depressive episodes.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] animal studies using tests and models have demonstrated that magnesium exerts an antidepressant effect.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] the objective of this trial was to test whether supplementation with over-the-counter magnesium chloride improves symptoms of depression.

Does taking magnesium improve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] this study was designed to examine whether and to what extent plasma magnesium is related to the psychopathological features of depression including severity of symptoms and specific psychopathological aspects. |||

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) has recently been introduced in the treatment of facial wrinkles and laxity.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] the clinical skin tightening benefits of high intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) have been established, but its mechanism of action in pigmented skin disorders remains unknown.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) has been proven effective in body sculpting when used noninvasively to reduce subcutaneous fat and improve body contour.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) is one of noninvasive modalities that provides safe and effective improvement in skin laxity and tightening with minimal adverse effects.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] this study assessed histologic changes and the safety and efficacy of intense focused ultrasound (doublo(tm), hironic co., sungnam, korea) for tightening of facial skin in asian patients.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] recent studies have shown that transcutaneous microfocused ultrasound with visualization is beneficial for noninvasive skin tightening, collagen regeneration, and lower face contour improvement.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] various high intense focused ultrasound (hifu) devices have been introduced in recent years for improving skin laxity, with satisfactory results.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] ultrasound is efficacious for skin rejuvenation, body contouring, and reduction of cellulite of the face, décolletage, abdomen, and thighs.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) is commonly indicated for skin laxity, but recently was used to treat uv-induced hyperpigmentation in animal models.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound can be an effective noninvasive treatment modality in facial and neck rejuvenation with an acceptable safety profile.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] ultrasound seems to be an efficacious, effective, and safe modality for correction of skin laxity, lipolysis, and decrease the appearance of cellulite.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] several ultrasonic devices have recently been investigated for their ability to decrease areas of focal adiposity and tighten small areas of the skin.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] intense focused ultrasound can be used as a non-invasive skin tightening technique in asian patients.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] this study further strengthens the current view that hifu is an effective and safe tool for localized fat reduction.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound was found to be an effective treatment in reducing localized adiposities in the abdominal region.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] the study proves that microfocused ultrasound with visualization in a single session of treatment in monotherapy is safe and effective for the treatment of face laxity and ptosis when a proper number of energy spot-lines is delivered in the correct tissue layer.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] intense focused ultrasound (ifus), a novel treatment modality for skin laxity, produces thermal effects at various depths while sparing overlying epidermis.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] intense focused ultrasound (ifus) is a novel treatment modality for skin laxity.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] to compare the efficacy and safety of two hifu devices for facial skin tightening and subsequently, to validate the quantitative assessment.

Does focused ultrasound (HIFU) treatment reduce wrinkles and sagging of the skin? [SEP] a recent report suggested potential of high-intensity focused ultrasound in improving uvb-induced hyperpigmentation in patients with fitzpatrick skin type iv, but reports regarding its efficacy in other hyperpigmented conditions including melasma are lacking. |||

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] the ketogenic diet (kd), a high-fat/low-carbohydrate/adequate-protein diet, has been proposed as a treatment for a variety of diseases, including cancer.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] ketogenic diets are one strategy that has been proposed to enhance traditional anticancer therapy.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] low-carbohydrate, high-fat diets (ketogenic diets) might prevent tumor progression and could be used as supportive therapy; however, few studies have addressed the effect of such diets on colorectal cancer.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] we propose that dietary carbohydrate restriction, particularly ketogenic diets, may provide benefit as a therapeutic or preventive strategy in cancer, alone or as an adjunct to pharmacology.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] the application of ketogenic diet (kd) (high fat/low carbohydrate/adequate protein) as an auxiliary cancer therapy is a field of growing attention.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] recent studies have indicated that a ketogenic diet can be used as an adjuvant therapy to enhance sensitivity to chemotherapy and radiotherapy in cancer patients.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] ketogenic diet may be efficacious in certain cancer subtypes whose outcomes appear to correlate with metabolic status, but the results are not yet supportive and inconsistent.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] a dietary therapeutic strategy was proposed to inhibit tumor growth through administration of low-carbohydrate, average-protein, and high-fat diet, which is also known as ketogenic diet (kd).

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] recently, dietary modulation by carbohydrate depletion via ketogenic diet has been suggested as an important therapeutic strategy to selectively kill cancer cells and as adjuvant therapy for cancer treatment.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] this review summarises the evidence concerning the effect of oral ketogenic diets on anthropometry, metabolism, quality of life (qol) and tumour effects, at the same time as documenting adverse events and adherence in patients with cancer.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] the review focused on the results of human trials for cancer patients and checked the feasibility of using ketogenic diet for cancer patients as adjuvant therapy.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] the ketogenic diet (kd), a high-lipid and low-carbohydrate diet, has been used in the treatment of epilepsy, neurodegenerative disorders, inborn errors of metabolism and cancer; however, the exact mechanism/s of its therapeutic effect is not completely known.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] this review revisits the meaning of physiological ketosis in the light of this evidence and considers possibility of the use of ketogenic diet for oncology patients.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] ketogenic diet (kd), a low-carbohydrate-and-high-fat diet, causes a metabolic state of ketogenesis and has been used to treat drug-resistance epilepsy.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] the ketogenic diet (kd) is a very low-carbohydrate, high-fat, and adequate-protein diet that induces many metabolic adaptations when calorie intake is not limited.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] this trial attempts to investigate whether irinotecan treatment with a ketogenic diet for locally recurrent or metastatic breast cancer among women in northeast china can enhance the disease's sensitivity to chemotherapy and reduce target lesions.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] ketogenic diet (kd) is a high-fat-content diet with insufficiency of carbohydrates that induces ketogenesis.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] high-quality evidence on the effect of ketogenic diets on anthropometry, metabolism, qol and tumour effects is currently lacking in oncology patients.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] therefore, this trial was designed to observe whether irinotecan with a ketogenic diet can promote sensitivity to chemotherapy and remit target lesions in locally recurrent or metastatic her-2-negative breast cancer patients.

Does a ketogenic diet help against cancer? [SEP] the ketogenic diet (kd) is a high-fat, low carbohydrate diet that is used as a therapy for intractable epilepsy. |||

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] among the postpartum mothers who had breast engorgement, the herbal compresses could decrease breast engorgement pain.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] the objective is to investigate the effects of herbal compresses for maternal breast engorgement.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] the pain reduction scales of the herbal compress treatments were analyzed and compared with the hot compress treatments.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] there were statistically significant mean differences of breast engorgement pain before and after treatment between the herbal and hot compress groups.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] there are several alternative treatments, but there have not been any randomized controlled trial studies about the effects of herbal compresses for breast engorgement.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] the pain reduction after herbal compresses was found to be greater than with the hot compresses.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] this study aims to determine whether compression shorts are effective and thermally safe in the prevention and management of prenatal pelvic and low back pain (lbp).

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] common prenatal ailments negatively impact performance of activities of daily living and it has been proposed that the use of dynamic elastomeric fabric orthoses, more commonly referred to as compression garments, during pregnancy might aid in the reduction of pain from these ailments, allowing for improved functional capacity.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] no serious complications were found after treatment from herbal compresses.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] many women need some kind of analgesic treatment to relieve pain during childbirth.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] various pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic interventions have been used to suppress lactation after childbirth and relieve associated symptoms.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] there was no analgesic effect on incisional pain during breastfeeding, indicating that endogenous oxytocin associated with breastfeeding may not play a significant role in postpartum cesarean wound pain modulation.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] various pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic interventions have been used to suppress lactation after childbirth and relieve associated symptoms.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] acupressure is a non-pharmacological pain relief method that has shown promising results in relieving this pain.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] mothers bottle feeding their infants need an adequate method of lactation suppression to prevent/lessen discomfort related to breast engorgement.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] the data from 500 postpartum mothers with breast engorgement were available for analyses, 250 from the herbal compress group and 250 from the hot compress group.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] the data showed that the drug group had significantly less engorgement, milk production, and discomfort on the fourth postpartum day, but the lactation process was prolonged until postpartum day nine or 16.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] to determine the impact of breastfeeding on incisional, perineal, and cramping pain after cesarean and vaginal delivery.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] complementary and alternative medicines have been used to decrease labor pain for many years.

Do curd compresses have an analgesic effect (e.g. for muscle and joint pain)? Do they have an antipyretic effect? Do curd compresses help breastfeeding women with lactation congestion? [SEP] the postpartum mothers who had breast engorgement were randomly assigned to herbal or hot compress treatments. |||

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] the deuterium-depleted water significantly decreased the growth rate of the l929 fibroblast cell line, and also inhibited the tumor growth in xenotransplanted mice.

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] work with sub-natural levels of deuterium (d) in animals has demonstrated an anti-cancer effect of low d-concentration in water.

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] deuterium depleted water delays tumor progression in mice, dogs, cats and humans.

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] in vitro, in vivo and clinical studies have demonstrated anti-cancer effects of deuterium depleted water (ddw).

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] recent studies have demonstrated that natural water that has 65% of the deuterium concentration depleted, can exhibit anti-tumor properties.

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] to investigate the in vivo and in vitro inhibitory effects of deuterium-depleted water (ddw) on human lung cancer and the possible mechanisms underlying these effects, we cultured and treated human lung carcinoma cell line a549 and human embryonic lung fibroblasts hlf-1 with various concentrations of ddw from 2 to 72 h. cellular growth inhibition rates were determined using the 3-(4, 5-dimethyldiazol-2-yl)-2, 5-diphenyltetrazolium-bromide) (mtt) proliferation assay.

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] in oncological patients who also suffered from diabetes and were treated with deuterium-depleted water (ddw), an improvement of glucose metabolism was observed, and rat studies also proved the efficacy of ddw to reduce blood sugar level.

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] it is found that consumption of deuterium depleted water reduces not only the content of deuterium in biological fluids but also more than 2 times reduces the d/h gradient value along the line: mixed saliva > blood plasma.

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] despite the convincing empirical evidence that deuterium depleted water (ddw, 25-125 ppm deuterium) has anticancer effect, the molecular mechanism remains unclear.

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] the role of naturally occurring d in living organisms has been examined by using deuterium-depleted water (30-40 ppm d) instead of water containing the natural abundance of d (150 ppm).

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] the patients received 1.5 l of water with reduced deuterium content (104 ppm instead of 145 ppm, equivalent 12 mmol/l in human) daily for 90 days.

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] the experimental data showed that a physiological solution prepared on deuterium depleted water during induced apoptosis activates the dna repair system, significantly reducing the number of single-stranded dna breaks, which, in general, indicates an increase in the efficiency of defensive systems of the cell.

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] ddw is proposed here to link cancer prevention and treatment using natural ketogenic diets, low deuterium drinking water, as well as ddw production as the mitochondrial downstream mechanism of targeted anti-cancer drugs such as avastin and glivec.

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] deuterium-depleted water (ddw) has a lower concentration of deuterium than occurs naturally (less than 145 ppm).

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] our objective was to investigate whether deuterium-depleted water (ddw) can overturn reverse manganese (mn)-induced reduction in life span, using the caenorhabditis elegans (c. elegans) as a model system.

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] treatment with different deuterium concentrations of ddw alone did not impose any significant inhibitory effects on growth of cell lines.

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] deuterium-depleted water (ddw) is a water which has a 6-7-fold less concentration of the naturally occurring deuterium (20-25ppm vs. 150ppm).

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] the cell lines were treated with decreasing deuterium concentrations of ddw alone, paclitaxel alone and both.

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] the effects of deuterium depletion on the human organism have been, except for the antitumor action, seldom investigated by now and the available data are scarce.

Does deuterium-reduced water prevent cancer? [SEP] the aim of the present work was to study, for the first time in our knowledge, the possible influence of deuterium-depleted water (ddw) chronic administration in normal wistar rats, as compared to a control group which received distilled water, on spatial working memory and the locomotor activity (as studied through y-maze) or both short-term and long-term spatial memory (assed in radial 8 arms-maze task). |||

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] deuterium depleted water delays tumor progression in mice, dogs, cats and humans.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] the deuterium-depleted water significantly decreased the growth rate of the l929 fibroblast cell line, and also inhibited the tumor growth in xenotransplanted mice.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] in vitro, in vivo and clinical studies have demonstrated anti-cancer effects of deuterium depleted water (ddw).

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] recent studies have demonstrated that natural water that has 65% of the deuterium concentration depleted, can exhibit anti-tumor properties.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] in oncological patients who also suffered from diabetes and were treated with deuterium-depleted water (ddw), an improvement of glucose metabolism was observed, and rat studies also proved the efficacy of ddw to reduce blood sugar level.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] work with sub-natural levels of deuterium (d) in animals has demonstrated an anti-cancer effect of low d-concentration in water.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] deuterium-enriched water has an antiproliferative effect on transplantable mouse tumors without toxic side effects.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] in the present study, the effect of deuterium-depleted water (ddw) as a potential modulator of adjuvant therapy on dld-1 colorectal cancer models was assessed.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] to investigate the in vivo and in vitro inhibitory effects of deuterium-depleted water (ddw) on human lung cancer and the possible mechanisms underlying these effects, we cultured and treated human lung carcinoma cell line a549 and human embryonic lung fibroblasts hlf-1 with various concentrations of ddw from 2 to 72 h. cellular growth inhibition rates were determined using the 3-(4, 5-dimethyldiazol-2-yl)-2, 5-diphenyltetrazolium-bromide) (mtt) proliferation assay.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] it is found that consumption of deuterium depleted water reduces not only the content of deuterium in biological fluids but also more than 2 times reduces the d/h gradient value along the line: mixed saliva > blood plasma.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] despite the convincing empirical evidence that deuterium depleted water (ddw, 25-125 ppm deuterium) has anticancer effect, the molecular mechanism remains unclear.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] the experimental data showed that a physiological solution prepared on deuterium depleted water during induced apoptosis activates the dna repair system, significantly reducing the number of single-stranded dna breaks, which, in general, indicates an increase in the efficiency of defensive systems of the cell.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] ddw is proposed here to link cancer prevention and treatment using natural ketogenic diets, low deuterium drinking water, as well as ddw production as the mitochondrial downstream mechanism of targeted anti-cancer drugs such as avastin and glivec.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] the patients received 1.5 l of water with reduced deuterium content (104 ppm instead of 145 ppm, equivalent 12 mmol/l in human) daily for 90 days.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] the role of naturally occurring d in living organisms has been examined by using deuterium-depleted water (30-40 ppm d) instead of water containing the natural abundance of d (150 ppm).

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] our objective was to investigate whether deuterium-depleted water (ddw) can overturn reverse manganese (mn)-induced reduction in life span, using the caenorhabditis elegans (c. elegans) as a model system.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] the cell lines were treated with decreasing deuterium concentrations of ddw alone, paclitaxel alone and both.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] although tumour cells might suffer from hypotonic distilled water lavage, the current use of distilled water at the end of surgery is probably not effective to lyse tumour cells.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] treatment with different deuterium concentrations of ddw alone did not impose any significant inhibitory effects on growth of cell lines.

Does deuterium-reduced water improve disease progression in cancer??? [SEP] anti-cancer activity of pt-nc-supplemented hd-water was shown by its preferential cell-growth inhibition to human tongue carcinoma cells hsc-4 over normal human tongue cells dok, and might be partly attributed to hd-water-caused enhancement of pt-nc-relevant antioxidant ability. |||

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] disturbed sleep is a common complaint in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (ra).

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] patients with rheumatic diseases often exhibit sleep disturbance.

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] given the reciprocal relationship between sleep disturbances and pain, clinical management of pain in patients with rheumatoid arthritis should include an increased focus on the prevention and treatment of sleep disturbance in this clinical population.

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] sleep disturbances and related daytime complaints are frequent in rheumatoid arthritis (ra).

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] sleeping mattress parameters significantly influence sleeping comfort and health, as reflected by the extensive investigations of sleeping support biomechanics to prevent sleep-related musculoskeletal problems.

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] presently there is insufficient evidence to determine whether pharmacological treatment of sleep disturbance is beneficial for improving sleep quantity and quality in this patient group beyond rheumatoid arthritis.

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] future research should investigate whether improvements in sleep can reduce disability in patients with ra.

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] in conclusion, treatment with zopiclone may be of value for subjective sleep complaints in selected patients with ra, but it is doubtful whether hypnotics improve daytime symptoms in this patient group.

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] except for some polysomnography studies, there have been no large quantitative studies of sleep disturbance (sd) in rheumatoid arthritis (ra).

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] our purpose in this study was to observe the effect on sleep parameters, specifically sleep efficiency, in rheumatoid arthritis (ra) patients treated with anti-tumor necrosis factor alpha (anti-tnf-α) therapy.

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] this study provides the first evidence of an exaggerated increase in symptoms of mood and pain in patients with rheumatoid arthritis after sleep loss, along with an activation of rheumatoid arthritis-related joint pain.

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] this study evaluated the effect of sleep loss during part of the night on daytime mood symptoms and pain perceptions in patients with rheumatoid arthritis in comparison with control subjects.

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] articles examining the effect of temperature alterations of mattresses on promoting sleep quality and reducing pain were included as well.

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] improved sleep efficiency and 'awakening after sleep onset' time were observed in ra patients treated with anti-tnf-α therapy.

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] the objective of this review was to determine the efficacy of pharmacological treatments for sleep disturbance to improve sleep outcomes in adult patients with diagnosed autoimmune disease.

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] sleep disturbances are often seen in rheumatic diseases, including systemic lupus erythematosus (sle).

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] subjective reports of sleep, mood symptoms and pain, polysomnographic assessment of sleep continuity, and subjective and objective assessment of rheumatoid arthritis-specific joint pain.

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] to determine whether sleep problems occur more frequently in people with inflammatory skin disorders compared to noninflammatory skin disorders.

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] recent clinical research confirms the frequent comorbidity of sleep disturbance, pain, fatigue, stress, and mood disturbance in patients with rheumatic disease.

Can a special mattress relieve nighttime rheumatism symptoms and thus improve sleep? [SEP] therapy for rhinitis improves sleep quality and symptoms of daytime sleepiness. |||

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] recent data indicates that blood group ab is associated with impaired cognition in elderly patients.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] recent evidence indicated higher incidence of cognitive deficits in abo blood-type system 'ab' individuals.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] overall, our study showed no association between abo blood group and risk of alzheimer's disease, vascular dementia or unspecified dementia.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] our results provide no evidence that abo blood group influences the risk of dementia.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] the database was linked with health outcomes data from nationwide patient and cause of death registers to investigate the relationship between blood groups and risk of different types of dementia.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] abo and rhesus (rh) blood groups were examined in 124 patients with presenile dementia of the alzheimer type (pdat) and senile dementia of the alzheimer type (sdat), and their distribution was compared with controls.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] recent studies have demonstrated association between abo blood system and thrombosis, indicating that individuals belonging to non-o blood groups (a, b or ab) present an increased risk of venous thrombosis, heart disease, and ischemic stroke (is) as compared to o blood group carriers.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] blood group non-o (a, b, and ab) individuals have consistently been found to demonstrate increased incidence of both arterial and venous thrombotic disease, compared to group o individuals.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] human abo blood groups are determined by the alleles a, b, and o (o01 and o02) of the abo gene and have been linked to the risks for cardiovascular diseases and cancers that affect lifespan.we examined the genetic associations of the abo gene and blood groups with longevity.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggest that elders with bipolar disorder (bd) may be at increased risk for dementia compared to the general population.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] compared with healthy subjects, a significantly higher proportion of psychiatric patients had ab blood group (χ2=9.359, df=3, p=0.025) and, accordingly, a significantly higher incidence of a1b genotype (χ2=8.226, df=3, p=0.042).

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] we found that, in the progressive mild cognitive impairment group, rs5978930 was associated with total tau levels and rs16947151 was associated with cognitive function scores at baseline and over time, suggesting that abi3 variants may be associated with cognitive decline and may influence ad onset through tau pathology.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] to date there are no large-scale studies that have examined the relationship between abo blood group and dementia-related disorders in detail.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] a potential role for abi3 gene has been suggested in the risk of alzheimer's disease (ad), but the detailed mechanism before typical ad onset was unclear.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] for many years, an association between abo histo-blood group and risk of thrombosis has been recognized.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] in our study, older adults with bd had more cognitive dysfunction and more rapid cognitive decline than expected given their age and education.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] we sought to investigate whether older adults with bd would present with more cognitive dysfunction than expected for their age and education, and whether they would experience a more rapid cognitive decline over three-year prospective follow-up.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] disturbances in blood-brain barrier (bbb) integrity contribute to the onset and progression of neurodegenerative diseases including alzheimer's disease (ad) and vascular dementia (vad).

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] the results of this study support the hypothesis of an association between psychiatric disorders and abo blood groups.

Do people with blood group AB have a higher risk of developing dementia? [SEP] in this study, we investigated the associations of abi3 common variants with cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers and cognitive function scores among non-demented elderly from the adni database. |||

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] research has consistently shown that dancing can have a positive impact on the lives of people living with parkinson's (pwp).

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] conclusions: dancing may offer benefit to people with parkinson's through its intellectual, artistic, social and physical aspects.

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] dance may help individuals living with parkinson's disease (pd) improve motor and non-motor symptoms that impact quality of life (qol).

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] while dance may improve motor features in parkinson's disease (pd), it is not yet clear if the benefits extend to non-motor features.

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] previous studies in parkinson's disease (pd) have described benefits of dance for motor and non-motor outcomes, yet few studies specifically look at dance therapy (dt) as a specific psychotherapeutic model for pd.

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] results from controlled studies on group-delivered dance for people with mild-to-moderate stage parkinson's have shown statistically and clinically significant improvements in gait, balance, and psychosocial factors.

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] dance is growing in popularity for people with parkinson's and claims have been made for its benefits.

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] dance can improve motor parameters of the disease and patients' functional mobility.

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] dance is a non-pharmacological intervention that helps maintain functional independence and quality of life in people with parkinson's disease (ppd).

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] here, we summarize a method of teaching improvisational dance that advances previous reported benefits of dance for people with parkinson's disease (pd).

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] embodied activities like dancing are beneficial to individuals with pd regarding mobility, balance and body feeling.

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] tango dance interventions may preferentially improve mobility and motor signs in people with pd, compared to d4pd.

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] overall, the reviewed evidence demonstrated that dance can improve motor impairments, specifically balance and motor symptom severity in individuals with mild to moderate pd, and that more research is needed to determine its effects on non-motor symptoms and qol.

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] we have noticed that patients with pd obtain an immediate, short-lasting benefit to mobility by the end of a dance class, suggesting some mechanism by which dancing reduces bradykinetic symptoms.

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] dance, added to drug therapy, can help treating these patients aims: to conduct a systematic review with meta-analysis with the aim to analyze the effects of dance classes in comparison to other interventions or to the absence of intervention, in randomized clinical trials (rcts), on functional mobility, motor symptoms and ql of pd patients methods: the search was conducted in medline, lilacs, scielo, cochrane and psycinfo (last searched in august 2017).

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] dance is an increasingly popular activity among people with pd, which demonstrates potential therapeutic benefits.

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] dance can serve as an adjunct to traditional treatments to improve gait, balance, and quality of life in people with pd.

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] the aim of this study was to explore the effects of dfpd<sup>®</sup>-based dance classes on disease-related symptoms, fine-manual dexterity and functional mobility in people with pd.

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] this review summarizes the relatively scant literature on the benefits of dance for those with pd, discusses what is currently known with respect to appropriate dosing of dance interventions, and speculates upon potential mechanisms by which dance may convey benefits.

Does therapeutic dancing help people with Parkinson's improve their movement problems? [SEP] this review aims to describe the effects of dance interventions on non-motor symptoms in older adults and pd, highlights limitations of the literature, and identifies opportunities for future research. |||

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] the current diagnosis of severe acute respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus (sars-cov) relies on laboratory-based tests since its clinical features are nonspecific, unlike other respiratory pathogens.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] in the absence of a virus nucleic acid real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr) test and experienced radiologists, clinical diagnosis is challenging for viral pneumonia with clinical symptoms and ct signs similar to that of coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19).

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] rapid spread of the severe acute respiratory syndrome-coronavirus-2 (sars-cov-2) and concern for viral transmission by ambulatory patients with minimal to no symptoms underline the importance of identifying early or subclinical symptoms of coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) infection.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] although direct detection of sars-cov2 in symptomatic or asymptomatic individuals is the ideal epidemiological tool for determining the burden of disease, the lack of availability of testing can preclude its wider implementation as a robust surveillance system.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] the diagnosis of coronavirus disease 2019 using biomarkers and indicators at point-of-care level is much crucial.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] the presumed low diagnostic sensitivity of upper respiratory specimens for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (sars-cov-2) makes it difficult to confirm infection and recommend de-isolation.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] the diagnosis of coronavirus 19 (covid-19) relies mainly upon viral nucleic acid detection, but false negatives can lead to missed diagnosis and misdiagnosis; severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2)-specific antibody detection is convenient, safe and highly sensitive.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] rapid but yet sensitive, specific, and high-throughput detection of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) in clinical samples is key to diagnose infected people and to better control the spread of the virus.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] central and peripheral nervous system symptoms and complications are being increasingly recognized among individuals with pandemic sars-cov-2 infections, but actual detection of the virus or its rna in the central nervous system has rarely been sought or demonstrated.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] in this study, a simple colorimetric and multiplex loop-mediated isothermal amplification (lamp) assay was developed to rapid screening of severe acute respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus (sars-cov).

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] computed tomography (ct) of the chest can verify infection in patients with clinical symptoms and a negative test result, accelerating treatment and actions to prevent further contagion.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] detection of the virus in cutaneous samples has been assessed in very few cases until now, and the causative role of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) has not been proven for every type of cutaneous manifestations yet.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] usually, there is no indication to perform diagnostic imaging or run laboratory tests in patients with bronchiolitis since the diagnosis is based on the clinical presentation.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] the diagnosis of acute hepatitis c virus (hcv) infection is not straightforward; few people exhibit clinical symptoms and genome/antigen detection techniques do not indicate when infection had occurred.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] we presented a robust imaging procedure with a chest ct protocol for confident diagnosis of covid-19.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] the clinical course and viral detection period in mild or asymptomatic coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) patients are not yet known.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] a five-year-old girl with fever and headache was diagnosed with acute sars-cov-2-associated meningoencephalitis based on the detection of its rna on a nasopharyngeal swab, cerebrospinal fluid analysis, and magnetic resonance imaging findings.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] alternative methodologies to pcr and immunodiagnostics that would not require specific reagents are worthy to investigate not only for fighting the covid-19 pandemic but also to detect other emergent pathogenic threats.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) can be detected via a nasopharyngeal swab and in sputum, blood, urine, and feces.

Is it possible to reliably detect coronavirus infection based only on symptoms but without laboratory testing? [SEP] therefore, the development of a rapid and simple method for on-site detection of sars-cov is crucial for the identification and prevention of future sars outbreaks. |||

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] we measured the concordance of hpv detection between home-based self-sampling and general practitioner (gp) sampling using the cobas 4800 hpv dna test and studied women's accept of home-based self-sampling.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] in order to assess whether the biosure hiv self-test could be reliably performed by users at home and to determine whether they were able to perform and correctly interpret the test, we carried out an evaluation study among attendees at a sexual health service.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] we highlight a recent cochrane review that assessed the accuracy of antibody tests for diagnosing covid-19.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] we investigated whether lung function measurements at home were comparable to measurements during clinical visits.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] the coronavirus pandemic stresses the importance of ehealth techniques to monitor patients at home.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] in patients who are discharged home to self-isolate while coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) test results are pending, there is no formal method for physician assessments or counselling to occur if the result returns positive.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] we observed good concordance for hpv detection between self-samples and gp-collected samples (κ: 0.70, 95% ci: 0.58-0.81).

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] in a large german university hospital, we performed weekly questionnaire assessments and anti-severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) immunoglobulin g (igg) measurements with various commercial tests, a novel surrogate virus neutralisation test, and a neutralisation assay using live sars-cov-2.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] to determine whether women who collect self-collected vaginal swabs at home demonstrated a higher positivity of chlamydia trachomatis than women in family planning clinics.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] we compare the performance of point-of-care tests (pocts) and immunofluorescence assays (ifas) with nucleic acid tests (nats) and viral culture in pilgrims attending influenza clinics established during a large influenza outbreak (world youth day, sydney, australia, 2008) to assess their performance under the real-life pressures of a mass influenza outbreak.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] fev1 measurements at home were significantly lower than clinically obtained fev1 measurements, which has implications for the application of this technique in the daily clinical situation.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] to survey individuals who tested positive for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) at 1 of 4 trinity health of new england drive-through testing centers to assess their demographic information, hospitalization rate, preexisting conditions, possible routes of exposures, duration of symptoms, and subsequent household infections of healthcare workers (hcws) when compared to non-hcws.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] after undergoing cervical cytology at their gp, the women collected a self-sample with the evalyn brush at home and completed a questionnaire.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] testing of symptomatic persons for infection with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 is occurring worldwide.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] when assessing anti-sars-cov-2 immune status in individuals with low pre-test probability, we suggest confirming positive results from single measurements by alternative serology tests or functional assays.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] during the coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) pandemic, frontline healthcare professionals (hcp) may be at particular risk for infection.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] all 50 people who tested positive for covid-19 at the sunnybrook health sciences centre and were discharged home to self-isolation during the study period were assessed through the covideo program.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] the current standards for detecting active coronavirus disease (covid-19) infection are molecular tests by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction, using swabs from the lower or upper respiratory tract.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] home sample collection (hsc) tests allow persons to test themselves for human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) infection at home without medical supervision.

Are home coronavirus self-tests as reliable as tests performed by trained healthcare professionals? [SEP] our aim was to develop and test the feasibility of a virtual care program for self-isolating outpatients diagnosed with covid-19. |||

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] to systematically review the literature on biotin efficacy in hair and nail growth.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] background: biotin is popular in hair loss treatment supplements, although the frequency of its deficiency in patients with hair loss has not been established.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] biotin has gained commercial popularity for its claimed benefits on healthy hair and nail growth.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] the use of high concentrations of biotin as a dietary supplement to improve hair, skin, and nail quality has increased in the united states over the past few years.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] in all cases, patients receiving biotin supplementation had an underlying pathology for poor hair or nail growth.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] though its use as a hair and nail growth supplement is prevalent, research demonstrating the efficacy of biotin is limited.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] biotin is a water soluble b-vitamin and is marketed to improve the cosmetic appearance of hair, skin, and nails.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] in cases of acquired and inherited causes of biotin deficiency as well as pathologies, such as brittle nail syndrome or uncombable hair, biotin supplementation may be of benefit.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] collectively, our results indicate that boehmite accelerates hair growth, partly via its effects on critical events in the active phase of the hair follicle cycle, including the promotion of the proliferation of hdpcs and their immediate progeny to the follicle base.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] recent advances in understanding the biology of hair have accelerated the research and development of novel therapeutic and cosmetic hair growth agents.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] boehmite increased hdpc viability, alp activity, akt/gsk3ß/ß-catenin pathway activity, anagen-related gene expression and vegf secretion; moreover, it accelerated hair regrowth in a catagen-anagen transition model via upregulation of β-catenin signalling and follicular cell proliferation.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] we investigated the hair growth properties of boehmite in vitro and in vivo and observed dose-dependent proliferation of human dermal papilla cells (hdpcs) in vitro and hair regrowth in a mouse model.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] effects on a wide range of biomolecules and mechanistic pathways that play key role in the biology of hair growth were also investigated.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] we found 18 reported cases of biotin use for hair and nail changes.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] at 6 months in the experimental group, daily hair loss at baseline (52.52 ± 33.98) decreased to 40.41 ± 24.78, vertex hair density at baseline (131.07 ± 43.73) increased to 156.00 ± 39.59, frontal hair density at baseline (104.21 ± 30.72) increased to 124.10 ± 28.28, thickness of vertex hair at baseline (0.067 ± 0.012 cm) increased to 0.075 ± 0.014 cm, thickness of frontal hair at baseline (0.070 ± 0.009 cm) increased to 0.076 ± 0.012 cm, and hair growth rate was 16.17 ± 1.89 mm/month.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] subjects who were on biotin therapy three months prior to the study and those reporting other causes of hair loss were excluded.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] the discovery of hair follicle stem cells (fsc) brings gospel to the affected individual of hair loss because of its capacity of generating new hair when they interact with mesenchymal dermal papilla cells (dpc).

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] the present review comprehensively compares emergent strategies using different cell sources and tissue engineering approaches, aiming to successfully achieve a clinical cure for hair loss.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] a previously overlooked opportunity is follicle metabolism: building "better" hairs.

Does biotin help with hair loss? Does biotin make hair grow faster? [SEP] it is important to consider biotin supplements as potential sources of falsely increased or decreased test results, especially in cases wherein supplementation cannot be ruled out. |||

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] a policy of labour induction compared with expectant management is associated with fewer perinatal deaths and fewer caesarean sections.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] a recent randomized controlled trial reported that early term induction of labor reduced cesarean section rates and infant morbidity.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] a policy of labour induction at 41 completed weeks or beyond was associated with fewer (all-cause) perinatal deaths (1/2986 versus 9/2953; relative risk (rr) 0.30; 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.09 to 0.99).

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] a policy of labour induction after 41 completed weeks or later compared to awaiting spontaneous labour either indefinitely or at least one week is associated with fewer perinatal deaths.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] preliminary data indicate that labor induction for prolonged latent phase may reduce cesarean delivery.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] whether a policy of labour induction at a predetermined gestational age can reduce this increased risk is the subject of this review.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] whether a policy of labour induction at a predetermined gestational age can reduce this increased risk is the subject of this review.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] although women who had an early term labor induction with large-for-gestational age were less likely to have a cesarean section, the increased risk of neonatal morbidities and additional healthcare utilization suggests the need for caution in early induction of large-for-gestational age babies before 39 weeks' gestation.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] the number needed to treat to benefit (nntb) with induction of labour in order to prevent one perinatal death was 410 (95% ci 322 to 1492).for the primary outcome of perinatal death and most other outcomes, no differences between timing of induction subgroups were seen; the majority of trials adopted a policy of induction at 41 completed weeks (287 days) or more.fewer babies in the labour induction group had meconium aspiration syndrome (rr 0.50, 95% ci 0.34 to 0.73; eight trials, 2371 infants) compared with a policy of expectant management.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] prevention of premature labor and better care of the premature infant during labor and the neonatal period offer hope of a greater salvage of premature infants.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] although labor induction at 39 weeks of gestation has been shown to reduce the number of cesarean deliveries, compared with expectant management, without increasing neonatal morbidity in nulliparous, low-risk women, the association between induction at 39 weeks and longer-term childhood cognitive outcomes is not certain.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] induction of labor did not reduce cesarean delivery rates but intervention to delivery and to hospital discharge durations are shorter.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] some infant morbidities such as meconium aspiration syndrome were also reduced with a policy of post-term labour induction although no significant differences in the rate of nicu admission were seen.however, the absolute risk of perinatal death is small.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] the authors consider the evidence base for near-term induction of labor and cesarean for a range of scenarios.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] to assess the effect on fetal and infant survival of increased rates of early delivery of preeclamptic pregnancies.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] the trials were generally at moderate risk of bias.compared with a policy of expectant management, a policy of labour induction was associated with fewer (all-cause) perinatal deaths: risk ratio (rr) 0.31, 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.12 to 0.88; 17 trials, 7407 women.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] induction of labor compared with expectant management.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] in post-term pregnancy, the induction of labor results in a lower rate of cesarean section than serial antenatal monitoring; the rates of perinatal mortality and neonatal morbidity are similar with the two approaches to management.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] there is growing evidence from randomized trials that induction of labor at or near term does not increase cesarean delivery; observational data show that the optimal gestation for spontaneous delivery for the baby is 39 weeks.

Can induction of labor prevent infant deaths in pregnancies that go beyond the estimated due date? Does it reduce the number of neonatal intensive care unit stays? [SEP] cesarean section appears to be associated with increased risk of neonatal mortality among infants of low-risk term pregnancies, but it may offer some survival advantage among the most extremely preterm infants. |||

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] most observational studies found that non-medically indicated induction of labor (iol) is not associated with an increased risk of cesarean delivery compared with expectant management, defined as all births at a later gestation.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] although induction of labor of low-risk nulliparous women at 39 weeks reduces the risk of cesarean delivery compared with expectant management, concern regarding more frequent use of labor induction remains, given that this intervention historically has been thought to incur greater resource utilization.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] it is a commonly held belief that labor induction increases the risk of cesarean delivery; women who are induced are at higher risk of cesarean as compared with those in spontaneous labor.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] a recent systematic review found no "good quality evidence" that elective induction of labor confers substantial benefits to either mothers or babies, but concluded that elective induction is associated with a decreased risk of "cesarean delivery."

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] using the proper comparison group, studies find that labor induction is actually associated with a small decreased risk of cesarean delivery.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] given the historically high rates of cesarean delivery in the united states, obstetrical providers must often consider an induction of labor for women with a history of prior cesarean delivery versus repeat cesarean delivery.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] preliminary data indicate that labor induction for prolonged latent phase may reduce cesarean delivery.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] to determine the risks and benefits of elective induction of labor (iol) at 39 weeks compared with expectant management (em) until 42 weeks in pregnancies complicated by one previous cesarean delivery.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] women randomized to induction of labor had longer durations in labor and delivery but significantly fewer antepartum visits, tests, and treatments and shorter maternal and neonatal hospital durations after delivery.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] in pregnancies complicated by one previous cesarean delivery, elective induction of labor at 39 weeks reduced the risk of intra-amniotic infection, blood transfusion, and low 5-minute apgar score while increased the risk of repeat cesarean delivery.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] this review discusses the observational and randomized data that have informed this debate, focusing on recent studies that have reshaped how we think about elective labor induction at 39 weeks of gestation.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] inappropriate elective inductions of labor put patients at increased risk of cesarean, neonatal morbidity, and elevated cost.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] induction of labor did not reduce cesarean delivery rates but intervention to delivery and to hospital discharge durations are shorter.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] perinatal outcomes of pregnancies electively induced at 39 weeks (iol) were compared to pregnancies that were induced, augmented or underwent spontaneous labor between 40 and 42 weeks (em).

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] the objective of the study was to determine whether planned elective labor induction at 39 weeks among low-risk nulliparous women, compared with expectant management, was associated with differences in health care resource utilization from the time of randomization through 8 weeks postpartum.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] the role of labor induction in patients scheduled for vaginal delivery following a previous lower segment cesarean section has been controversial.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] during the delivery admission, women in the induction of labor group spent a longer time in labor and delivery (median, 0.83 vs 0.57 days), but both women (p = .002) and their neonates (p < .001) had shorter postpartum stays.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] labor induction is associated with increased cesarean risk whether using a week-to-week comparison group or an expectant group that includes women the same week or beyond that of the index induction, even after adjustment for parity, high-risk factors, and demographic variables.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] when using the correct comparison group (elective induction vs expectant management) induction is not associated with an increased risk of cesarean delivery.

Does induction of labor make cesarean sections less necessary than observational waiting? [SEP] our goal was to evaluate whether active management of labor lowers cesarean section rates, shortens the length of labor, and overcomes any negative effects of epidural analgesia on nulliparous labor. |||

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] because of the faster induction of vacuum, delivery occurred more rapidly with the pliable cup, but the pliable cup detached significantly more often than the rigid cup.

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] the rate of neonates with apgar scores<or=at 1 min was significantly higher after forceps compared with vacuum delivery (18% vs 5.2% respectively, p=0.0003).

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] the aim of the present study is to compare the short term maternal and neonatal outcomes between vacuum and forceps delivery.

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] the incidence of 3rd degree lacerations and periurethral hematomas was similar between vacuum and forceps (3.4% vs. 2% and 0.3% vs 0% respectively), while perineal hematomas were more common in forceps compared with vacuum application (2% vs 0.3% respectively), albeit not significantly.

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] we conducted a prospective observational study of 1000 consecutive vacuum-assisted deliveries using the omnicup vacuum device in singleton pregnancies.

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] whilst the use of the vacuum extractor was associated with less maternal morbidity (54.9% episiotomy rate; 20.9% nil analgesia) and comparable neonatal problems, an increased failure rate (6.5%) was demonstrated in comparison to forceps delivery (0.7% failed vaginal delivery rate).

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] the rate of operative vaginal delivery has remained stable the last decade, however the rate of vacuum has increased against forceps application.

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] to determine whether two techniques of vacuum extraction delivery-continuous vacuum and intermittent vacuum-have different effects on maternal-fetal outcomes.

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] in this prospective study 44 women undergoing elective repeat cesarean were randomized to deliver by vacuum (v), forceps (f), or by manual (m) means.

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] it is concluded that the vacuum extractor is a comparable instrument for midcavity or lift-out instrumental delivery but kielland's forceps may still be a more appropriate instrument for rotational vaginal delivery.

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] a total of 258 women requiring assisted delivery where vacuum extraction was thought to be suitable were randomly allocated to delivery with a new silicone rubber cup or metal vacuum extractor cups.

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] we sought to ascertain whether the routine use of instruments, forceps or vacuum, at the time of elective repeat cesarean delivery, permits a delivery that is as safe for mother and infant and as easy for mother and physician as traditional manual delivery of the fetal head.

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] there is a relationship between unfavourable cup application during vacuum assisted delivery and neonatal scalp trauma in infants born to nulliparous women.

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] to compare the effectiveness and complications of vacuum extraction delivery between the conventional metal cup and the silicone rubber cup.

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] out of 7098 deliveries, 374 were instrument assisted, 324 were conducted by vacuum (86.7%) and 50 by forceps (13.3%).

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] term inductions were less likely to have a subsequent sptb compared with term spontaneous labor (6% vs 11%; odds ratio [or], 0.49; 95% confidence interval, 0.29-0.81; p = .005).

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] in 87.1% of the women, vacuum-assisted delivery was completed; spontaneous or forceps delivery occurred in 10.9%, and caesarean section was performed in 2%.

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] a retrospective analysis over a 2-year period was carried out to compare the limitations in the use of the silastic cup vacuum extractor and forceps as the preferred instrument for operative vaginal delivery.

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] vacuum-assisted delivery was attempted in 555 women.

Does the number of deliveries with a vacuum cup and forceps remain similar with induction and observational waiting??? [SEP] reviews of observational studies generally report an increase in the rate of caesarean section, whereas reviews of post-dates and term prelabour rupture of membrane (prom trials suggest either no difference or a reduction in risk. |||

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] dietary supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids significantly reduced the risk of cardiovascular deaths (odds ratio [or]: 0.87, 95% confidence interval [ci]: 0.79-0.95, p = 0.002), sudden cardiac death (or: 0.87, 95% ci: 0.76-0.99, p = 0.04), all-cause mortality (or: 0.92, 95% ci: 0.85-0.99, p = 0.02), and nonfatal cardiovascular events (or: 0.92, 95% ci: 0.85-0.99, p = 0.02).

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids (ω-3) has been associated with a decreased cardiovascular risk, thereby concentrating attention on a potentially preventive effect regarding tachyarrhythmias and sudden cardiac death.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] more recent data, however, suggest that, in some patients with heart disease, omega-3 fatty acid supplementation may increase the risk of potentially fatal cardiac arrhythmias and the risk of sudden cardiac death.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] initial epidemiological, clinical trial and animal data have suggested that a diet high in omega-3 fatty acids reduces the risk of cardiac death and that this reduction in the risk was owing to the prevention of fatal arrhythmias.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] omega-3 fatty acid supplementation reduces the risk of sudden cardiac death and death from any cause within 4 months in post-myocardial infarction patients.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] omega-3 fatty acid supplement use was independently associated with a lower risk of non-fatal ischemic stroke [hr (95% ci): 0.88 (0.81, 0.95)] but not non-fatal cad [0.99 (0.93, 1.06)].

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] current evidence suggests that individuals with coronary artery disease may reduce their risk of sudden cardiac death by increasing their intake of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids by approximately 1 g per day.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] consumption of omega-3 fatty acids (fas) is associated with a reduction in deaths from coronary heart disease, arrhythmia, and sudden death.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3) supplementation is associated with reduced cardiovascular mortality and post-infarction death.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] it is well recognized that omega-3 fas exert positive effects on the cardiovascular system including heart rate (hr) reduction, a major risk factor to sudden death.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] dietary supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids should be considered in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular events.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] observational and clinical trial evidence suggests an inverse association of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids with coronary artery disease (cad) mortality, although relationships with non-fatal cad and stroke are less clear.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] an inverse relation exists between omega-3 fatty acid intake and risk of cardiovascular disease development/mortality and sudden cardiac death in humans.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] although high intake of n-3 fatty acids is associated with reduced mortality of patients with ischemic heart disease, especially reduction in sudden cardiac death (scd), the detailed mechanisms remain to be elucidated.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] epidemiologic data suggest that omega-3 fatty acids derived from fish oil reduce cardiovascular disease.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] consumption of n-3 fatty acids reduces the incidence of cardiovascular mortality in populations that consume diets rich in fish oil.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] of all known dietary factors, long-chain omega-3 fatty acids may be the most protective against death from coronary heart disease.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] very-long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 pufas) from fish are thought to reduce risk of sudden death, possibly by reducing susceptibility to cardiac arrhythmia.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] we investigated whether omega-3 fatty acid supplement use and fish intake were associated with incident non-fatal cad and ischemic stroke among us veterans.

Does taking supplements with omega-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke or other sudden cardiovascular problems?  Does it lower the risk of dying prematurely? [SEP] while omega-3 supplement use was associated with lower risk of non-fatal ischemic stroke, fish intake was not. |||

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] more recent data, however, suggest that, in some patients with heart disease, omega-3 fatty acid supplementation may increase the risk of potentially fatal cardiac arrhythmias and the risk of sudden cardiac death.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] we explored possible mechanisms by which recommended intakes of omega-3 fatty acids may decrease the risk for sudden cardiac death in patients with documented coronary heart disease.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] several epidemiologic and clinical studies show that following myocardial infarction, dietary supplements of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega3fa) reduce sudden death.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] current evidence suggests that individuals with coronary artery disease may reduce their risk of sudden cardiac death by increasing their intake of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids by approximately 1 g per day.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids (ω-3) has been associated with a decreased cardiovascular risk, thereby concentrating attention on a potentially preventive effect regarding tachyarrhythmias and sudden cardiac death.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] initial epidemiological, clinical trial and animal data have suggested that a diet high in omega-3 fatty acids reduces the risk of cardiac death and that this reduction in the risk was owing to the prevention of fatal arrhythmias.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] omega-3 fatty acid supplementation reduces the risk of sudden cardiac death and death from any cause within 4 months in post-myocardial infarction patients.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] this article briefly reviews the evidence regarding omega-3 fatty acids and chd and outlines the mechanisms through which omega-3 fatty acids might confer cardiac benefits over and above the standard secondary prevention strategies.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] omega-3 fatty acids from fish and fish oils can protect against coronary heart disease (chd), which is still the most common cause of death in the western economies.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] an inverse relation exists between omega-3 fatty acid intake and risk of cardiovascular disease development/mortality and sudden cardiac death in humans.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] although high intake of n-3 fatty acids is associated with reduced mortality of patients with ischemic heart disease, especially reduction in sudden cardiac death (scd), the detailed mechanisms remain to be elucidated.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] it is well recognized that omega-3 fas exert positive effects on the cardiovascular system including heart rate (hr) reduction, a major risk factor to sudden death.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] the conclusion reached is that omega-3 fatty acids play a significant role in secondary prevention post-myocardial infarction.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] evidence from epidemiological and case cohort studies indicate that consumpton of fatty fish and omega-3 fatty acids reduces the risk of cardiovascular mortality.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] of all known dietary factors, long-chain omega-3 fatty acids may be the most protective against death from coronary heart disease.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] since cardiovascular dysfunction may contribute to sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (sudep), the consumption of omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 fas) might be beneficial as an adjunctive therapy for sudep prevention.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] clinical studies suggest that intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 pufa) may lower the incidence of heart failure.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] the cardioprotective effects of omega-3 fatty acids have been documented in epidemiologic and randomized controlled trials.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] n-3 fatty acids appear to be beneficial in secondary prevention of cardiovascular events but their use in primary prevention is not clear.

Can taking dietary supplements with omega-3 fatty acids prevent further heart attacks or strokes if one has already had a heart attack?  In this case, does it lower the risk of dying prematurely?? [SEP] these changes are consistent with an increase in vagal activity and may in part explain the observed decrease in risk for sudden cardiac death seen with omega-3 fatty acid supplementation. |||

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] therefore, the development of topical treatments based on well-tolerated natural ingredients such as caffeine to alleviate hair loss may provide a much-needed alternative to drug-based approaches.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] caffeine is extensively used in cellulite and hair growth cosmetic products.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] for that reason, it is important to know the exact caffeine content in products for skin and hair care.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] the result shows that caffeine can prevent the proliferation of carcinoma cells and it is a perfect candidate for therapeutic applications.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] there is also some evidence that dermally applied caffeine can protect the skin from skin cancer caused by sun exposure.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] studies have shown that lower concentrations of caffeine have a protective role in aging-related disorders.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] recently caffeine has been investigated for the treatment of various types of cancers upon oral administration.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] in cellulite reduction, gel caffeine content was found to be in the range of 0.7-1.7%, whereas in the hair-care products, it was about 1.0%.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] hair loss is known to negatively affect the quality of life and predispose to depression and anxiety.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] over the past years, chronic consumption of caffeine has been associated with prevention of cognitive decline associated to aging and mnemonic deficits of brain disorders.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] a growing body of evidence implicates the ingestion of caffeine with beneficial effects on several diseases.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] recently, there has been increasing interest in the effect of caffeine consumption as a protective factor or risk factor for neurological and psychiatric disorders.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] in this study, we demonstrated that caffeine and theophylline promote longevity in caenorhabditis elegans.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] this work, we investigated the effect of low-dose of caffeine on the ectonucleotidase activities, adenosine receptors content, and paying particular attention to its pro-survival effect during aging.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] herein, the relation between different amounts of caffeine with the proliferation rate of human esophagus carcinoma squamous cell line kyse-30 as well as human head and neck carcinoma cell line hn5 was evaluated.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] overall, these findings indicate a potential neuroprotective effect of caffeine during aging through the adenosinergic system.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] furthermore, concentrations of caffeine were adjusted and their effect on cells were studied.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] previously, some effects of caffeine have been evaluated including its inhibitory effect on cancer cells.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] while the consumption of caffeine and cocoa has been associated with a variety of health benefits to humans, some authors have proposed that excessive caffeine intake may increase the frequency of epileptic seizures in humans and reduce the efficiency of antiepileptic drugs.

Can cosmetic products with caffeine for hair and scalp help against hereditary hair loss? [SEP] although caffeine is widely recognized as a mild cns stimulant drug, the most important consequence of its adenosine antagonism is cholinergic stimulation, which might lead to improvement of higher cognitive functions, particularly memory. |||

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] music listening interventions such as rhythmic auditory stimulation can improve mobility, balance, and gait in parkinson&rsquo;s disease (pd).

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] this review highlights the findings of recent studies utilizing music and rhythm-based interventions for gait impairment, other motor symptoms, and non-motor symptoms in parkinson disease (pd) and other movement disorders.

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] recent evidence suggests that music-based movement (mbm) therapy may be a promising intervention to improve gait and gait-related activities in parkinson's disease (pd) patients, because it naturally combines cognitive movement strategies, cueing techniques, balance exercises and physical activity while focussing on the enjoyment of moving on music instead of the current mobility limitations of the patient.

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] entrainment of walking to rhythmic auditory cues (e.g., metronome and/or music) improves gait in people with parkinson's disease (pd).

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] gait dysfunctions in parkinson's disease can be partly relieved by rhythmic auditory cueing.

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] the rehabilitation in parkinson's disease: strategies for cueing (rescue) trial investigated the effects of a home physiotherapy programme based on rhythmical cueing on gait and gait-related activity.

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] recent works have proved that parkinson's disease (pd) patients can be largely benefit by performing rehabilitation exercises based on audio cueing and music therapy.

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] rhythmic auditory stimulation (ras) can influence movement during straight line walking and direction transition in individuals with parkinson disease (pd).

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] despite impaired audiomotor synchronization, pd patients' gait improves when they walk with an auditory metronome or with music.

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] purpose: rhythmic auditory stimulation such as listening to music can alleviate gait bradykinesia in people with parkinson disease (pd) by increasing spatiotemporal gait features.

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] music therapy and other music and rhythm-based interventions may offer a range of symptomatic benefits to patients with pd and other movement disorders.

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] in this study, patients suffering from mild to moderate pd underwent a structured music therapy session in which they were trained to walk while mentally singing.

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] slowed gait in patients with parkinson's disease (pd) can be improved when patients synchronize footsteps to isochronous metronome cues, but limited retention of such improvements suggest that permanent cueing regimes are needed for long-term improvements.

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] movement rehabilitation by means of physical therapy represents an essential tool in the management of gait disturbances induced by parkinson's disease (pd).

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] this review and rationale provides support for the use of music training to enhance cognitive outcomes in patients with parkinson&rsquo;s disease (pd).

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] in keeping with this idea, we report here recent behavioral data showing beneficial effects of musically cued gait training (mcgt) on gait performance (i.e., increased stride length and speed), perceptual timing (e.g., discriminating stimulus durations), and sensorimotor timing abilities (i.e., in paced tapping tasks) in pd patients.

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] cueing training may be a useful therapeutic adjunct to the overall management of gait disturbance in parkinson's disease.

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] thus, walking while mentally singing has potential for improving the gait of individuals with pd.

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] background: music-assisted treadmill training (matt) is a new therapeutic approach for parkinson's disease (pd) patients, combining treadmill training with rhythmic auditory cueing and visual feedback.

Is music therapy with rhythmic training helpful for people with Parkinson's who have trouble walking? [SEP] our findings suggest that tdcs may be a useful adjunct to gait rehabilitation for patients with pd, although studies in a larger group of patients are needed to evaluate the therapeutic use of non-invasive brain stimulation during dance therapy. |||

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] therefore, we assessed the effects of oral avocado/soybean unsaponifiable (asu) capsules on pain relief and functional ability in patients, while they were receiving a routine treatment for knee osteoarthritis (oa).

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] to evaluate the structural effect of avocado/soybean unsaponifiables (asu) in the treatment of patients with symptomatic osteoarthritis (oa) of the hip.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of preparations with avocado-soybean unsaponifiables (asus) in osteoarthritis (oa) patients using meta-analysis on randomized controlled trials (rcts).

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] to assess the efficacy and safety of avocado/soybean unsaponifiables (asu) in the treatment of patients with symptomatic osteoarthritis (oa) of the knee or hip, as well as the potential residual effects of asu after stopping treatment, to determine whether asu might be a symptomatic slow-acting drug for the treatment of oa.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] the aim of the present preliminary study was to investigate the effectiveness of an avocado-soybean unsaponifiable extract (asu) in patients with arthralgia and osteoarthritis of the temporomandibular joint (tmj).

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] avocado/soy unsaponifiable (asu) components are reported to have a chondroprotective effect by virtue of anti-inflammatory and proanabolic effects on articular chondrocytes.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] avocado and soya unsaponifiables (asu) have been reported to exert beneficial effects in the treatment of periodontal and osteoarticular diseases.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] this preliminary study provides strong evidence of the effectiveness of an avocado-soybean unsaponifiable extract in patients with degenerative joint diseases and arthralgia in the tmj.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] avocado-soybean unsaponifiables (asu) represent one of the most commonly used drugs for symptomatic osteoarthritis (oa).

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] the present study determined whether addition of an avocado/soybean unsaponifiable (arthrocen) to the drinking water of oa rats reduced direct and referred joint pain.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] arthrocen, an avocado/soy unsaponifiable (asu)-containing agent, is now used in the clinic and has potentially to decrease joint inflammation and pain associated with mild to severe osteoarthritis.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] avocado/soybean unsaponifiables such as arthrocen have been reported to reduce cartilage catabolism and chondrocytic synthesis of inflammatory mediators associated with osteoarthritis (oa).

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] while there is some clinical evidence that avocado/soybean unsaponifiables can reduce oa pain, no preclinical studies have corroborated this observation.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] this article aims to summarize the studies on biological effects of the avocado-soybean unsaponifiable, its chemical composition, pharmacotherapy as well as applications in auto-immune, osteoarticular and menopausal disorders.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] avocado and soybean unsaponifiables (asu) constitute vegetable extracts made from fruits and seeds of avocado and soybean oil.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] it seems that using this herbal combination is clinically effective for patients suffering from knee osteoarthritis in order to decrease their pain, morning stiffness and limited motion; its effect is comparable with salicylate ointment.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] we previously determined the anti-inflammatory effect of an avocado/soybean unsaponifiables (asu) and epigallocatechin gallate (egcg) combination on prostaglandin e2 (pge2) production and nuclear factor-kappa b (nf-κb) translocation.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] avocado/soybean unsaponifiables (asu) have shown some promise for oa.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] in this study the analgesic effects of a herbal ointment containing cinnamon, ginger, mastic (saghez) and sesame oil is compared with salicylate ointment in patients suffering from knee osteoarthritis.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] mixture of nonsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils known as piascledine is a drug applied is patients with osteoarthritis. |||

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] to evaluate the structural effect of avocado/soybean unsaponifiables (asu) in the treatment of patients with symptomatic osteoarthritis (oa) of the hip.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] to assess the efficacy and safety of avocado/soybean unsaponifiables (asu) in the treatment of patients with symptomatic osteoarthritis (oa) of the knee or hip, as well as the potential residual effects of asu after stopping treatment, to determine whether asu might be a symptomatic slow-acting drug for the treatment of oa.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of preparations with avocado-soybean unsaponifiables (asus) in osteoarthritis (oa) patients using meta-analysis on randomized controlled trials (rcts).

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] avocado and soya unsaponifiables (asu) have been reported to exert beneficial effects in the treatment of periodontal and osteoarticular diseases.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] the aim of the present preliminary study was to investigate the effectiveness of an avocado-soybean unsaponifiable extract (asu) in patients with arthralgia and osteoarthritis of the temporomandibular joint (tmj).

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] this preliminary study provides strong evidence of the effectiveness of an avocado-soybean unsaponifiable extract in patients with degenerative joint diseases and arthralgia in the tmj.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] avocado/soy unsaponifiable (asu) components are reported to have a chondroprotective effect by virtue of anti-inflammatory and proanabolic effects on articular chondrocytes.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] the present study determined whether addition of an avocado/soybean unsaponifiable (arthrocen) to the drinking water of oa rats reduced direct and referred joint pain.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] avocado-soybean unsaponifiables (asu) represent one of the most commonly used drugs for symptomatic osteoarthritis (oa).

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] arthrocen, an avocado/soy unsaponifiable (asu)-containing agent, is now used in the clinic and has potentially to decrease joint inflammation and pain associated with mild to severe osteoarthritis.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] while there is some clinical evidence that avocado/soybean unsaponifiables can reduce oa pain, no preclinical studies have corroborated this observation.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] this article aims to summarize the studies on biological effects of the avocado-soybean unsaponifiable, its chemical composition, pharmacotherapy as well as applications in auto-immune, osteoarticular and menopausal disorders.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] avocado/soybean unsaponifiables such as arthrocen have been reported to reduce cartilage catabolism and chondrocytic synthesis of inflammatory mediators associated with osteoarthritis (oa).

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] the beneficial effects of avocado/soybean unsaponifiables (asu) are known as an antiarthritic agent.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] avocado and soybean unsaponifiables (asu) constitute vegetable extracts made from fruits and seeds of avocado and soybean oil.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] we previously determined the anti-inflammatory effect of an avocado/soybean unsaponifiables (asu) and epigallocatechin gallate (egcg) combination on prostaglandin e2 (pge2) production and nuclear factor-kappa b (nf-κb) translocation.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] avocado/soybean unsaponifiables (asu) have shown some promise for oa.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] dietary seed oils and their minor components like policosanol may offer an effective alternative treatment for arthritic and oxidative-stress related diseases.

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] characterized by its potent anti-inflammatory effects, this asu mixture is recommended to act as an adjuvant treatment for osteoarthritic pain and slow-acting symptomatic treatment of hip and knee osteoarthritis; autoimmune diseases; diffuse scleroderma and scleroderma-like states (e.g., morphea, sclerodactyly, scleroderma in bands).

Do preparations with unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU) help against limitations and pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint? [SEP] the milk thistle oil exhibited a potential anti-arthritic and antioxidant activities and that it might contribute to the protection of humans from a variety of diseases like rheumatoid arthritis. |||

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] avocado and soybean unsaponifiables (asu) constitute vegetable extracts made from fruits and seeds of avocado and soybean oil.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] avocado and soya unsaponifiables (asu) have been reported to exert beneficial effects in the treatment of periodontal and osteoarticular diseases.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] the beneficial effects of avocado/soybean unsaponifiables (asu) are known as an antiarthritic agent.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] avocado/soy unsaponifiable (asu) components are reported to have a chondroprotective effect by virtue of anti-inflammatory and proanabolic effects on articular chondrocytes.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] this article aims to summarize the studies on biological effects of the avocado-soybean unsaponifiable, its chemical composition, pharmacotherapy as well as applications in auto-immune, osteoarticular and menopausal disorders.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] to assess the efficacy and safety of avocado/soybean unsaponifiables (asu) in the treatment of patients with symptomatic osteoarthritis (oa) of the knee or hip, as well as the potential residual effects of asu after stopping treatment, to determine whether asu might be a symptomatic slow-acting drug for the treatment of oa.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] avocado-soybean unsaponifiables (asu) represent one of the most commonly used drugs for symptomatic osteoarthritis (oa).

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] avocado/soybean unsaponifiables (asu) have shown some promise for oa.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] mid-ftir spectroscopy combined with chemometrics was used to detect and quantify adulteration of avocado oil with sunflower and soybean oils in a ternary mixture.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] thirty-seven laboratory-prepared adulterated samples and 20 pure avocado oil samples were evaluated.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] avocado oil is used for dermatological applications and its unsaponifiable portion is reported to have beneficial effects against osteoarthritis.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] in the current study, fatty acid content analysis was used to determine the principal fatty acids in soybean, olive, avocado, sea-buckthorn pulp, raspberry seed and coconut oils.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] intake of unsaponifiable compounds from edible oils, such as plant sterols, can lower serum cholesterol concentrations in humans.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] avocado oil is a high-value and nutraceutical oil whose authentication is very important since the addition of low-cost oils could lower its beneficial properties.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] the avocado seeds and rich in phenolic compounds, and these may play a role in the putative health effects.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] however, little is known about effects of other chemically related unsaponifiables in edible oils, such as triterpene alcohols.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] here, we review the currently-available data on the bioactivity and other functional properties of avocado seeds.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] the adulterated oil amount ranged from 2% to 50% (w/w) in avocado oil.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] however, virtually nothing is known of the safety of this oil for humans.

Is it safe to take preparations containing unsaponifiable components of avocado and soybean oils (ASU)? [SEP] essential oils from plants have been proven safe as natural antioxidants, and few are already marketed as digestive enhancers as well as in prevention of several degenerative diseases. |||

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] chondroitin sulfate has been shown to relieve pain and improve functional limitation in patients with osteoarthritis (oa) of the knee in numerous clinical trials and meta-analyses.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] to determine the effects of chondroitin on pain in patients with osteoarthritis.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] previous meta-analyses described moderate to large benefits of chondroitin in patients with osteoarthritis.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] chondroitin sulfate is referred as a symptomatic slow-acting drug for osteoarthritis because it improves articular function, and reduces joint swelling and effusion.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] chondroitin sulfate may have a role as a structure-modifying agent in the management of patients with knee oa.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] these results demonstrate that chondroitin sulfate is effective for reducing the rate of decline in minimum joint space width in patients with oa of the knee.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] in the treatment of degenerative joint disease, aka osteoarthritis, chondroitin sulphate is applied as a medicine or a dietary supplement.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] based on the results of the multidirectional research available in the newest source literature, the analysis of the therapeutic efficacy and safety of chondroitin application in the treatment of degenerative joint disease was conducted.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] although treatment development in osteoarthritis (oa) focuses on chondroprotection, it is unclear how much preventing cartilage loss reduces joint pain.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] the preparations applied in the treatment of degenerative joint disease, containing chondroitin sulphate, are attributed numerous therapeutic and chondroprotective properties including stabilizing synthesis processes and cartilage degradation through stimulation and inhibition of chondrocyte apoptosis (production of the elements of the intracellular substance and osteocyte stimulation), an increased proteoglycan and hyaluronic acid biosynthesis, inhibition of the activity of proteolytic enzymes and hyaluronidase, reduction of inflammatory mediators (prostaglandins and leukotrienes) and a decreased collagen ii degradation.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] to perform a meta-analysis of randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trials to assess the efficacy of chondroitin sulfate as a structure-modifying drug for knee oa.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] chondroitin sulfate has an excellent safety profile, and although various meta-analyses have concluded that it has a beneficial effect on symptoms and structure, others have concluded little or no benefit.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] pharmacological treatments for osteoarthritis, such as corticosteroids, produce an immediate reduction of the patient's pain as well as an improvement in the patient's mobility and quality of life, but with a limited long-term efficacy.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] pooled results demonstrated a small significant effect of chondroitin sulfate on the reduction in rate of decline in minimum joint space width of 0.07 mm/year (95% ci 0.03, 0.10) that corresponded to an effect size of 0.26 (95% ci 0.14, 0.38) (p < 0.0001).

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] the use of corticosteroids and local anesthetics to treat osteoarthritis has established benefits, including relief of pain and increased range of motion, but may also have the potential to lead to tissue atrophy or degeneration, specifically on chondrocytes.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] for patients with painful knee osteoarthritis, long-term symptomatic relief may improve quality of life.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] glucosamine and chondroitin are two compounds available for treatment of oa patients.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] osteoarthritis is a common condition that affects many individuals resulting in pain, reduced mobility, and decreased function.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] in addition, chondroitin sulfate prevents joint space narrowing of the knee.

Can taking chondroitin relieve osteoarthritis pain or improve mobility in the long term? [SEP] we hypothesized that the anti-inflammatory effect of chondroitin sulfate is associated to a decrease in the activation of mitogen-activated protein kinases (mapk) and of the transcription factors nuclear factor-kappab (nf-kappab) and activator protein-1 (ap-1). |||

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] based on the results of this study, l-arginine appears to be a novel cardio-protective agent, illustrated by its ability to ameliorate the deleterious effects of hypercholesterolemia on endothelial function, in a manner comparable to, and sometimes more potent than, commonly used cardiovascular medications.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] we investigated whether dietary intake of arginine is associated with reduced coronary heart disease risk in elderly persons.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] it cannot be excluded that supplementation with l-arginine, by improving function of endothelium and hypotensive effect, can be advantegeous in prevention of cardiovascular diseases in healthy people.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] l-arginine was significantly predicting incident cardiovascular events (n=65): hr=1.68, 95%ci 1.35-2.10, p < 0.001.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] in conclusion, insulin resistance, endothelial dysfunction, and inflammation are important cardiovascular risk factors in coronary artery disease patients; and l-arginine seems to have anti-inflammatory and metabolic advantages in these patients.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] supplemental arginine has shown promise as a safe therapeutic option to improve endogenous nitric oxide (no) regulation in cardiovascular diseases associated with endothelial dysfunction.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] l-arginine supplementation is proposed to improve health status or as adjunct therapy for diseases including cardiovascular diseases.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] recent data have supported the view that supplemental arginine could alleviate the initiation and development of endothelial dysfunction and also shown that it may reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] potential role of l-arginine supplementation as a new effective strategy of improving endothelial function in patients with hypertension is recently under consideration.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] the inhibition of arginase, resulting in higher arginine (arg) availability for nitric oxide synthesis, may account for the putative protective effect of homoarginine (homoarg) against atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] during follow-up, l-arginine was associated with incident cardiovascular events probably due to its primary role in no metabolism and impact on endothelial integrity.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] l-arginine supplementation is hypothesized to reduce endothelial dysfunction and atherogenesis via increased biosynthesis of nitric oxide.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] l-arginine has been used to improve endothelial function by increasing nitric oxide (no) bioavailability and in animal models this in turn has attenuated the progression of atherosclerosis.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] l-arginine, the physiologic substrate of nitric oxide synthase, has antiatherogenic properties in animal models of atherosclerosis, and improves endothelial function in hypercholesterolemic humans.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] l-arginine has only weak and non-specific antioxidant effects, suggesting that its major cardioprotective benefits occur through other mechanisms, such as via the nitric oxide pathway.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] these results do not support the hypothesis that dietary arginine intake lowers the risk of coronary heart disease mortality.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] these results indicate that a moderate increase in l-arginine significantly lowered blood pressure and affected renal function and carbohydrate metabolism in healthy volunteers.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] it is known that l-arginine treatment can ameliorate endothelial dysfunction and insulin sensitivity in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients, but little is known on l-arginine effects on these variables in nondiabetic patients with stable cardiovascular disease (coronary artery disease).

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] pathophysiological data in rodents have emphasized the importance of arginase activation during the development of cardiometabolic risk, which lends credence to a potential benefit for arginine supplements.

Does taking arginine benefit existing cardiovascular disease or does arginine prevent it from developing? [SEP] dietary l-arginine supplementation has been proposed to reverse endothelial dysfunction in such diverse pathophysiologic conditions as hypercholesterolemia, coronary heart disease, and some forms of animal hypertension. |||

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] detox diets are popular dieting strategies that claim to facilitate toxin elimination and weight loss, thereby promoting health and well-being.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] the present review examines whether detox diets are necessary, what they involve, whether they are effective and whether they present any dangers.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] to use the tapeworm, hymenolepis diminuta, and to extend this concept by assessing whether triggering a memory response against the worm inhibits dinitrobenzene sulphonic acid (dnbs)-induced colitis in balb/c mice.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] a handful of clinical studies have shown that commercial detox diets enhance liver detoxification and eliminate persistent organic pollutants from the body, although these studies are hampered by flawed methodologies and small sample sizes.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] there is preliminary evidence to suggest that certain foods such as coriander, nori and olestra have detoxification properties, although the majority of these studies have been performed in animals.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] few such studies, however, have considered the phenomenon of tapeworm destrobilation when determining effective dosages.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] this article discusses the epidemiology, diagnosis, and treatment of taeniasis, diphyllobothriasis, hymenolepiasis, dipylidiasis, and other tapeworm infections.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] infection with helminth parasites and treatment with worm extracts can suppress inflammatory disease, including colitis.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] species-specific identification of human tapeworm infections is important for public health purposes, because prompt identification of taenia solium carriers may prevent further human cysticercosis infections (a major cause of acquired epilepsy).

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] studies in animals provide strong evidence that helminths can not only downregulate parasite-specific immune responses, but also modulate autoimmune and allergic inflammatory responses and improve metabolic homoeostasis.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] not surprisingly, several clinical trials investigated the effects of deliberate exposure to parasites like porcine whipworm (trichuris suis) or hookworm (necator americanus) to develop "helminth therapies".

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] nearly all of the cestodes, or tapeworms (class cestoda in the phylum platyhelminthes, the flatworms), are parasitic as adults in the intestinal tract of vertebrates.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] trichuris infestations can be eliminated by the use of mebendazole (vermox), a specific drug which has almost no side effects.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] the spectrum of immunomodulating molecules produced by tapeworms is not yet well understood.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] this is an area that deserves attention so that consumers can be informed of the potential benefits and risks of detox programmes.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] anthelmintic efficacy studies typically involve direct counts of worms remaining in the host shortly after drug treatment.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] although the detox industry is booming, there is very little clinical evidence to support the use of these diets.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] deworming is rightly advocated to prevent helminth-induced morbidity.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] within several days posttreatment, destrobilated worms can regenerate to a size that is readily apparent in the gut contents, allowing the effective dosage to be determined with much greater confidence.

Does "Detoxic" work against tapeworms and other parasites? Does "Detoxic" help with health complaints? [SEP] parasitic worms modulate host immune responses in ways that affect microbial co-infections. |||

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] the results of this study suggest that d-mannose can be an effective aid in acute cystitis management and also a successful prophylactic agent in a selected population; however, more studies will certainly be needed to confirm the results of our pilot study.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] d-mannose improved quality of life and significantly reduced recurrent utis in both catheter and non-catheter users.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] d-mannose was effective in reducing the incidence of recurrent utis and prolonging uti-free periods, which consequently increased quality of life.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] the present study aimed to determine whether d-mannose alone is effective in treating acute urinary tract infections in women and its possible utility in the management of recurrences.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] we performed a systematic review to assess the effect of d-mannose in the prevention of recurrent utis.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] the association of mannose and nac therapy resulted similar to the antibiotic therapy in preventing utis in patients submitted to urodynamic examination.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] d-mannose can be used as a supplementary or alternate treatment for recurrent urinary tract infections.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] three studies reported that time to uti recurrence was longer with d-mannose.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] patient summary: d-mannose is a sugar that seems to reduce the incidence of recurrent urinary tract infections and associated bothersome symptoms.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] d-mannose seemed to have had a significant positive effect on utis' resolution and qol improvement (p = 0.0001).

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] among natural substances used to prevent uti, literature has provided preliminary data of the beneficial effects of d-mannose, n-acetylcysteine, and morinda citrifolia fruit extract, due to their complementary mechanism of action which contributes respectively to limit bacteria adhesion to the urothelium, to destroy bacterial pathogenic biofilm, and to the anti-inflammatory and analgesic activity.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to compare the administration of an association of d-mannose, n-acetylcysteine (nac) and morinda citrifolia extract versus antibiotic therapy in the prophylaxis of utis potentially associated with urological mini-invasive diagnostics procedures, in clinical model of the urodynamic investigation.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] a potential approach is administration of d-mannose, an inert monosaccharide that is metabolised and excreted in urine and acts by inhibiting bacterial adhesion to the urothelium.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] d-mannose is a simple sugar; it seems able to hinder bacteria adhesion to the urothelium.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] moreover, mannose also inhibited the migrating and invading capacity of nsclc cells in vitro.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] it has been reported that mannose exerts antitumour effects against certain types of cancer.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] the inexorable rise of antimicrobial resistance reinforces the need for alternative approaches to both treat and prevent urinary tract infections (utis).

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] it has been found that mannose exerts antitumoural properties in vitro and in animal models.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] it was found that mannose showed potential anticancer effects against nsclc cells in vitro by inhibiting proliferation, inducing g0/g1 cell cycle arrest, promoting cisplatin‑induced apoptosis and decreasing the invasive abilities.

Is mannose as good as or better than antibiotics for preventing recurrent cystitis? [SEP] the use of foods rich in mannose as carbohydrate, could have a bioprotective effect against entrobacteria intestinal infection. |||

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] in women with postmenopausal osteoporosis, vitamin k2 appears to decrease the incidence of hip, vertebral, and non-vertebral fractures.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] although the observational studies have shown linkages between vitamin k intake and lower risk of fractures in this population, the current evidence from randomized controlled trials is not strongly supportive of vitamin k supplementation in older adults for the intent of improving bone health.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] serum concentrations of vitamin k are reportedly reduced in older individuals and persons with osteoporotic fracture.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] our results showed that vitamin k2 might play a role in maintaining the bone mineral density and in reducing the incidence of fractures for postmenopausal women with osteoporosis.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] this review aims to summarize the role of vitamin k in bone health in older adults and discuss the clinical implications from a select few human studies.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] moreover, an increase in dietary vitamin k was significantly related to lower losses of bone mineral density and smaller increases in the porosity and elasticity attributed to aging, which helps to explain the previously described protective effect of vitamin k intake against osteoporotic fractures.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] recent studies have reported that vitamin k reduces vertebral and hip fractures without increasing bone mass in patients with osteoporosis, suggesting that vitamin k could affect bone quality.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] lifetime supplementation with vitamin k, vitamin d(3), and calcium is likely to reduce fractures and increase survival in postmenopausal women.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] lifetime supplementation with vitamin k, vitamin d(3), and calcium is likely to reduce fractures and increase survival in postmenopausal women.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] vitamin k might have a role in the primary prevention of fractures, but uncertainties about its effectiveness and cost-effectiveness persist.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] this meta-analysis seemed to support the hypothesis that vitamin k2 plays kind of a role in the maintenance and improvement of vertebral bmd and the prevention of fractures in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] vitamin k may have a protective role against bone loss and osteoporotic fractures associated to aging, although data in humans are inconsistent and the mechanisms involved are still unknown.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] although systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (rcts) have concluded that vitamin k is effective in preventing fractures, the effect of vitamin k on the skeleton remains a matter of controversy.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] despite the lack of a significant change or the occurrence of only a modest increase in bone mineral density, high-dose vitamin k(1) and vitamin k(2) supplementation improved indices of bone strength in the femoral neck and reduced the incidence of clinical fractures.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] several epidemiologic and intervention studies have found that vitamin k deficiency causes reductions in bone mineral density and increases the risk of fractures.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] there has been shown that vitamin k (vk) supplementation during menopause may decrease bone loss as well as risk of bone breaking.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] vitamin k is one of several nutrients that have been linked with bone health.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] possible benefits of vitamin k on bone health, fracture risk, markers of bone formation and resorption, cardiovascular health, and cancer risk in postmenopausal women have been investigated for over three decades; yet there is no clear evidence-based universal recommendation for its use.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] the objective of the present review of the literature was to evaluate the effect of vitamin k supplementation on the skeleton of postmenopausal women.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of spinal fractures in older women? [SEP] daily 5 mg of vitamin k1 supplementation for 2 to 4 y does not protect against age-related decline in bmd, but may protect against fractures and cancers in postmenopausal women with osteopenia. |||

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] although the observational studies have shown linkages between vitamin k intake and lower risk of fractures in this population, the current evidence from randomized controlled trials is not strongly supportive of vitamin k supplementation in older adults for the intent of improving bone health.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] in women with postmenopausal osteoporosis, vitamin k2 appears to decrease the incidence of hip, vertebral, and non-vertebral fractures.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] this review aims to summarize the role of vitamin k in bone health in older adults and discuss the clinical implications from a select few human studies.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] serum concentrations of vitamin k are reportedly reduced in older individuals and persons with osteoporotic fracture.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] moreover, an increase in dietary vitamin k was significantly related to lower losses of bone mineral density and smaller increases in the porosity and elasticity attributed to aging, which helps to explain the previously described protective effect of vitamin k intake against osteoporotic fractures.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] our results showed that vitamin k2 might play a role in maintaining the bone mineral density and in reducing the incidence of fractures for postmenopausal women with osteoporosis.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] recent studies have reported that vitamin k reduces vertebral and hip fractures without increasing bone mass in patients with osteoporosis, suggesting that vitamin k could affect bone quality.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] several epidemiologic and intervention studies have found that vitamin k deficiency causes reductions in bone mineral density and increases the risk of fractures.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] lifetime supplementation with vitamin k, vitamin d(3), and calcium is likely to reduce fractures and increase survival in postmenopausal women.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] lifetime supplementation with vitamin k, vitamin d(3), and calcium is likely to reduce fractures and increase survival in postmenopausal women.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] vitamin k is one of several nutrients that have been linked with bone health.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] vitamin k may have a protective role against bone loss and osteoporotic fractures associated to aging, although data in humans are inconsistent and the mechanisms involved are still unknown.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] vitamin k might have a role in the primary prevention of fractures, but uncertainties about its effectiveness and cost-effectiveness persist.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] observational and some experimental data suggest that low intake of vitamin k may be associated with an increased risk of fracture.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] numerous studies have demonstrated the importance of vitamin k in bone health.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] possible benefits of vitamin k on bone health, fracture risk, markers of bone formation and resorption, cardiovascular health, and cancer risk in postmenopausal women have been investigated for over three decades; yet there is no clear evidence-based universal recommendation for its use.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] there has been shown that vitamin k (vk) supplementation during menopause may decrease bone loss as well as risk of bone breaking.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] high dietary vitamin k intake was associated with superior bone properties.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] despite the lack of a significant change or the occurrence of only a modest increase in bone mineral density, high-dose vitamin k(1) and vitamin k(2) supplementation improved indices of bone strength in the femoral neck and reduced the incidence of clinical fractures.

Does taking vitamin K lower the risk of other bone fractures in older women? [SEP] although systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (rcts) have concluded that vitamin k is effective in preventing fractures, the effect of vitamin k on the skeleton remains a matter of controversy. |||

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] deep non-rapid eye movement (nrem) sleep, also known as slow-wave sleep (sws), is thought to be the most "restorative" sleep stage, but beneficial effects of sws for physical well being have not been demonstrated.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] as the outgrowth of a symposium held by the authors at the 5th congress of the world federation of sleep research and sleep medicine societies in cairns, australia, september 2007, this review will specifically explore: a) the newly developed experimental daytime split-sleep schedules and their effects on recovery, compared with those deriving from a single consolidated sleep episode of equal duration; b) whether naps may be beneficial to wakefulness performance in the working context, through accurate review of "on field" studies; c) the impact of naps on cognition, in light of the very recent advances in the study of naps and memory processes; d) the main features of napping behavior in older individuals and its impact on their health and general functioning, since it is widely recognized that napping may change as a result of the aging process.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] levels of subjective sleepiness were not affected by the nap opportunity condition; however, sleep was rated as more refreshing and restful after a nap in a quiet environment compared to noisy environment.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] our results showed that self-awakening improved alertness (assessed by response speeds) by reducing sleep inertia and alleviated daytime sleepiness heightened by partial sleep deprivation.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] this finding reveals a qualitative difference in the offline improvement effect between daytime napping and overnight sleep.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] previous studies showing a relationship between nocturnal slow-wave sleep (sws) and subsequent diurnal performance among young normal sleepers and older insomnia sufferers have provided limited support for the notion that this sleep stage serves a restorative role for neurocognitive functioning.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] several studies have shown that taking nighttime naps suppressed increasing sleepiness, decreasing alertness during the period following awaking from a nap, and prevented disturbance of circadian rhythm ("anchor sleep").

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] we propose that nrem and rem sleep have distinct and complementary contributions to the overall function of sleep.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] a characteristic of nighttime nap is that it can result in considerably deeper sleep.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] we review the physiological functions that have been associated positively with napping in both public health and clinical settings (sleep-related accidents, work and school, and cardiovascular risk) and in laboratory-based studies with potential public health issues (cognitive performance, stress, immune function and pain sensitivity).

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] this sleep, like rem sleep, may have a beneficial role for the brain.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] worse sleep quality was associated with higher post-recovery negative affect, whereas worse sleep efficiency was associated with lower post-recovery positive affect.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] these results are consistent with a conclusion that, among elite athletes, napping behaviour can reflect sleepability and may not necessarily result from nocturnal sleep disruption and daytime sleepiness.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] here, we address this countermeasure aspect of napping viewed as an action against sleep deprivation rather than an action associated with poor health.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] we had shown that a pre-sleep hypnotic suggestion to sleep more deeply increased slow-wave sleep duration in hypnotizable subjects.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] very short naps could have very positive long-term effects on biological functions.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] subjective sleep quality remained unaffected.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] self-awakening improves morning alertness by eliminating sleep inertia; however, the effects of self-awakening on daytime alertness and alertness that has deteriorated as a result of sleep loss are unknown.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] possible effects of naps on mood, alertness in depressed patients remains to be explored.

Does Smartsleep provide better or more restful sleep? [SEP] it remains controversial whether napping can provide the same enhancement as overnight sleep, and if so, whether the same neural underpinning is recruited. |||

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] this cross-sectional study showed that a higher tryptophan intake was independently associated with a lower prevalence of depressive symptoms in young japanese women.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] we found that tryptophan increased depressive-related behavior, but did not alter anxiety-like behavior.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] since tryptophan is a serotonin precursor and low levels of serotonin seems to be related to depression, the effect of oral tryptophan has been investigated for possible potentiation of the action of antidepressant drugs.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] administration of tryptophan can boost serotonin neurotransmission to produce therapeutically important effects in serotonin deficiency disorders.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] l-tryptophan, the amino acid precursor of serotonin and several other monoamines, has frequently been employed as an adjunct with tricyclic antidepressants and monoamine oxidase inhibitors to increase their effectiveness in treating affective disorders.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] the intake of tryptophan, the precursor of serotonin, is assumed to affect serotonin availability and depression onset.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] l-tryptophan (trp), one of the essential amino acids in humans, is a precursor of serotonin, and hence its intake is closely related to the suppression of depressed and anxious moods.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] the aim of this non-systematic review article is to evaluate and document a potential importance of tryptophan supplementation in improving therapeutics in an patients.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] we examined the association between tryptophan intake and depressive symptoms screened in a group of 4272 first-year female dietetic students and 3651 their mothers.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] nevertheless, a definitive relationship between dietary tryptophan intake and depressive symptoms has not been established.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] tryptophan (trp), as the precursor of serotonin, has been introduced in the treatment of depression and isomnia, but its clinical effectiveness must be considered with caution.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] because the initial phase of treatment of depression with a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor is often complicated by a delayed onset of action of the antidepressant or severe insomnia or both, we investigated whether tryptophan, an amino acid with both antidepressant-augmenting and hypnotic effects, would benefit patients with depression at the beginning of treatment with fluoxetine.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] this paper reviews the preclinical and clinical evidence regarding the use of the dietary supplement 5-hydroxytryptophan (5-htp) for the treatment of depression.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] the serotonin precursor l-tryptophan (trp) is available as a nutritional supplement and is licensed as an antidepressant in a number of countries.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] we investigated the effects of chronically administered tryptophan (50mg/kg/day, p.o.)

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] 5 hydroxytryptophan (5-htp) and tryptophan are so-called natural alternatives to traditional antidepressants, used to treat unipolar depression and dysthymia.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] 5 hydroxytryptophan (5-htp) and tryptophan are so-called natural alternatives to traditional antidepressants, used to treat unipolar depression and dysthymia.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] some people may take excessive tryptophan as a supplement in the expectation that the tryptophan metabolite, melatonine, will help to induce sufficient sleep.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] four rcts showed the effects of tryptophan intake on negative feelings and happy feelings in healthy individuals, with significant differences between the treatment and the control groups.

Can supplemental tryptophan, taken as a dietary supplement or with food, help with depression? [SEP] the adjusted pr (95% ci) for depressive symptoms in the highest versus lowest quintile of tryptophan intake was 0.84 (0.75, 0.93) in young women (p for trend < 0.0001) and 0.83 (0.64, 1.01) in middle-aged women (p for trend < 0.0001). |||

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] pns appears to be useful in various refractory neuropathic pain indications (as long as there is some preservation of sensation in the painful area), such as intractable chronic headache, pelvic and perineal pain, and low back pain, but evidence for its efficacy is not strongly conclusive, and large-scale randomized controlled studies are necessary to confirm the efficacy in the long term.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] spinal cord stimulation (scs) is used to manage treatment of neuropathic pain to reduce pain and hyperalgesia and to improve activity.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] the potential success of the novel devices specifically designed to target the peripheral nervous system is expected to positively impact and promote the use of pns in treatment of chronic pain.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] spinal cord stimulation (scs) has proven to offer many of these patients a return to a more normal lifestyle by relieving pain to such a degree that their mobility is improved.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] however, it is currently unknown whether core stability exercise produces more beneficial effects than general exercise in patients with np.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] an understanding of the biomechanics of the ankle is helpful in the successful use of orthotics and bracing.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] surgical neurectomy, crush, and proximal nerve transposition significantly improved self-reported pain, depression, and quality-of-life scores.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] specific therapeutic exercise and manual therapy are effective for improving neck pain and functional ability but their effects on joint position sense and balance impairments remain uncertain.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] with the upcoming technological advances and new stimulation paradigms, along with clear updated guidelines statements, the utilization of pns will likely continue to increase and improve the management of chronic pain syndromes in the extremities.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] the proposed neuromobilization program appears promising to improve pain and upper limb functional abilities in individuals with cts.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] various studies have shown that spine stabilisation exercise therapy elicits improvements in symptoms/disability in patients with chronic non-specific low back pain (clbp).

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] sacral neuromodulation (snm) may improve interstitial cystitis/painful bladder syndrome (ic/bps) symptoms of urinary frequency, urgency and perhaps even pain, but objective measures of improvement are lacking.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] invasive neurostimulation therapies may be proposed to patients with neuropathic pain refractory to conventional medical management, in order to improve pain relief, functional capacity, and quality of life.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] emerging evidence suggests a role for botulinum neurotoxin (bont) injections in treating pain disorders.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] surgical intervention is a viable treatment of neuroma pain and should be considered in patients with symptomatic neuromas refractory to nonoperative management.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] a combination of therapeutic exercise and tens may reduce spasticity and improve balance, gait, and functional activity in chronic stroke patients.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] prior studies using animal models of neuropathic pain have shown that scs reduces hyperalgesia; however, it is unclear whether scs affects physical activity.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] despite the fact that there are only a few neuromodulatory devices designed specifically for the periphery, clinical experiences are growing, and here we provide a clinical update on use of peripheral nerve stimulation (pns) in management of chronic pain in extremities.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] the aim of the study was to compare the effects of neurocognitive therapeutic exercise, based on proprioception and neuromuscular control, on pain and function in comparison to traditional therapeutic exercise in patients with shoulder impingement syndrome.

Can Neuro-Socks relieve pain or improve balance and stability? [SEP] such improvement may be derived from applying contemporary pain neuroscience to the management of clbp. |||

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] administering aspirin at bedtime rather than in the morning does not modify the 24-h ambulatory blood pressure in hypertensive patients in secondary cardiovascular prevention.the trial was registered with clinicaltrials.gov (number nct01741922).

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] several studies have shown that evening intake of aspirin has antihypertensive effect in healthy adults, which has not been proven in patients with cardiovascular disease, who mostly take aspirin in the morning.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] several studies showed that nighttime administration of antihypertensive drugs has a larger blood pressure lowering effect during nighttime and the early morning hours.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] recent evidence suggests that blood pressure during nighttime and the early morning hours is associated with increased cardiovascular risk independently of the average 24 h blood pressure.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] compared with morning dosing regimen drug therapy, evening administration of antihypertensive medication was associated with a significant reduction of 40% in non-dipper bp patterns (risk ratio (rr), 95% ci, (0.43, 0.84)).

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] under this regard, evidence from a single trial strongly suggests that bedtime dosing of antihypertensive medications may greatly reduce cardiovascular morbidity in hypertensive patients.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] some data suggest that nocturnal dosing of antihypertensive agents may reduce cardiovascular outcomes more than daytime dosing.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] the review aims to investigate whether nighttime administration of antihypertensive drugs alters the circadian blood pressure variation and prevents hypertension-induced target organ damage and cardiovascular or renal disease.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] in a systematic review of the available evidence, we show that bedtime dosing of antihypertensive medication reduces nocturnal bp and increases day-night bp fall more than standard morning dosing.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] in summary, among hypertensive patients with reasonably well-controlled blood pressure, the timing of antihypertensive drug administration (morning or evening) did not affect mean 24-hour or clinic blood pressure levels.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] nighttime blood pressure strongly predicts cardiovascular events (cves).

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] this study will determine whether nighttime dosing reduces cv risk when compared with traditional morning dosing of antihypertensive agents.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] we have evaluated the antihypertensive effect of bedtime administration of aspirin in patients with cardiovascular disease already treated for hypertension.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] to investigate the effect of an evening dosing regimen of antihypertensive drugs on bp patterns of ckd patients with hypertension.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] several studies have found that bedtime dosing of antihypertensive agents reduces sleep blood pressure and improves the dipping pattern in nondippers.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] few long-term outcome studies showed impressive cardiovascular protection using nighttime administration of antihypertensive drugs.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] this review shows that evening dosing regimen drug therapy could reverse non-dipper bp patterns in hypertensive ckd patients.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] owing to methodological issues, however, these studies cannot prove whether, for the same 24 h blood pressure reduction, nighttime dosing provides greater cardiovascular and renal protection than the conventional morning dosing.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] attenuation of 24-hour blood pressure (bp) fluctuation, and control of the early morning bp surge, may help to improve cardiovascular outcomes in hypertensive patients.

Does taking blood pressure medication in the evening prevent more heart attacks, strokes, and other acute cardiovascular diseases? [SEP] evening dosing regimen drug therapy on blood pressure (bp) control is used widely, but its clinical benefits and preservation or re-establishment of the normal 24-h bp dipping pattern in chronic kidney disease (ckd) patients is not known. |||

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] plausible biologic mechanisms by which smoking might be protective in covid-19 include an anti-inflammatory effect of nicotine, a blunted immune response in smokers (reducing the risk of a cytokine storm in covid-19) and increased nitric oxide in the respiratory tract (which may inhibit replication of sars-cov-2 and its entry into cells).

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] a notable field of research has been conducted on the role of smoking, which has been initially hypothesized as being a protective factor for covid-19....

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] among unsettled controversies is whether tobacco smoking increases or protects from severe covid-19.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] on the other hand, smoking may worsen susceptibility and prognosis in covid-19, in a manner similar to other respiratory infections.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] this suggests that nicotine may have some preventive or modulatory effect on the inflammatory response in the lungs.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] the effects of smoking on covid-19 severity need clarification with larger studies.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] because it is known that the response to, and resolution of the sars-cov-2 infection depends mainly on the lung macrophages, we discuss the recent scientific findings, which may explain why and how nicotine may modulate lung macrophage response during covid-19 infection.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] although it is well established that cigarette smoking is associated with morbidity and mortality in several respiratory infections, data from recent studies suggest that active smokers are underrepresented among patients with covid-19.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] cigarette smoking may increase the risk of covid-19 complications, reinforcing the urgency of smoking cessation in populations with high smoking prevalence such as individuals with opioid use disorder (oud).

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] further investigations into the interaction between smoking and covid-19 are warranted to accurately assess the risk of contracting covid-19 among smokers, and progression to mechanical ventilation or death in patients suffering from it.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] this has led to claims that a 'smoker's paradox' may exist in covid-19, wherein smokers are protected from infection and severe complications of covid-19.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] cigarette smoking is a major preventable risk factor for coronary artery disease and sudden cardiac death.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] statistical surveys of covid-19 patients indicate, against all common logic, that people who smoke are less prone to the infection and/or exhibit less severe respiratory symptoms than non-smokers.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] nearly 80 % of participants believed that smoking and vaping increased their risk of covid-19 infection or complications.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] additionally, the postulated protective effects of nicotine and nitric oxide, which may presumably reduce the risk of a "cytokine storm" in infected individuals, deserve assessment by controlled clinical trials.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] several epidemiological studies reported reduced covid-19 hospitalizations among smokers, while other studies reported the opposite trend.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] smoking is a major risk factor for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd), and smoking cessation is the only intervention that slows disease progression.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] we identified several biases and knowledge gaps which may give the false impression that smoking is protective in covid-19.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] we conclude that (a) smoking reduction increases the probability of future cessation and (b) whether smoking reduction decreases the risks of smoking-related diseases has not been adequately tested.

In Covid-19, do nicotine or smoking have a protective effect, i.e., do they prevent severe progression or death? [SEP] this review examines whether reduction in smoking among smokers not currently interested in quitting (a) undermines or promotes future smoking cessation or (b) decreases the risks of developing smoking-related diseases. |||

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] red yeast rice is a product used by consumers to lower blood levels of cholesterol.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] when used as a dietary supplement to achieve and maintain healthy cholesterol levels,chinese red yeast rice has significant potential to reduce health care costs and contribute to public health by reducing heart disease risk in individuals with moderate elevations of circulating cholesterol levels.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] when used as a dietary supplement to achieve and maintain healthy cholesterol levels, chinese red yeast rice has significant potential to reduce health care costs and contribute to public health by reducing heart disease risk in individuals with moderate elevations of circulating cholesterol levels.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] the association of phytosterol and red yeast rice seems to have additive cholesterol lowering effect, reaching a clinically significant ldl-cholesterol reduction in mildly hypercholesterolemic patients.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] red yeast rice can reduce lipid ratios in hypercholesterolemic patients.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] evidence shows that fermented red yeast rice lowers cholesterol levels moderately compared to other statin drugs, but with the added advantage of underscores its potential as a new alternative to lipid level control.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] previous studies have shown red yeast rice (ryr) effectiveness in lowering low-density lipoprotein cholesterol.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] thus, red yeast rice is a potentially useful over-the-counter cholesterol-lowering agent.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] the 8-week treatment with red yeast rice showed significantly greater reduction than the placebo treatment in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein b/apolipoprotein a-i ratios.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] several studies have found red yeast rice to be moderately effective at improving the lipid profile, particularly for lowering the low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] red yeast rice is an herbal supplement that decreases low-density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol level.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] red yeast rice and therapeutic lifestyle change decrease ldl cholesterol level without increasing cpk or pain levels and may be a treatment option for dyslipidemic patients who cannot tolerate statin therapy.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] in conclusion, red yeast rice modestly decreased total and ldl cholesterol, was well-tolerated, and was an acceptable alternative in patients intolerant of other lipid-lowering medications.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] red yeast rice, a commercially available food supplement known to reduce serum cholesterol, has been repeatedly advocated as alternative therapy for hypercholesterolemic patients that refuse statins, cannot tolerate statin therapy's side effects, or request a "naturopathic" medicine.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] phytosterols and red yeast rice are largely studied cholesterol-lowering nutraceuticals, respectively inhibiting the bowel absorption and liver synthesis of cholesterol.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] phytosterols and red yeast rice are largely studied cholesterol-lowering nutraceuticals, respectively inhibiting the bowel absorption and liver synthesis of cholesterol.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] the red yeast rice ingredient that blocks cholesterol production is monacolin k. because red yeast rice preparations have large variability in monacolin k content, predicting or understanding dose-related efficacy and side-effect risks of red yeast rice is practically impossible.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] red yeast rice (ryr), a traditional chinese fermented food, has the effect of lowering blood lipid and cholesterol, but little information is available about whether ryr can inhibit pathogenic bacterial infection in vivo.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] chinese red yeast rice is a dietary supplement containing monacolins, unsaturated fatty acids, and phytosterols capable of lowering low-density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol.

Can red mold rice products lower blood cholesterol levels? [SEP] we assessed the efficacy of monascus purpureus went rice (red yeast rice) on lowering lipid ratios. |||

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] this article discusses my clinical trial results with red yeast rice, reviews the literature on its therapeutic and side effects, and discusses why red yeast rice is not an acceptable substitution for statins.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] this study examines the efficacy and safety of red yeast rice (ryr), a source of natural statins, as compared with atorvastatin, which is the most widely used synthetic statin.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] evidence shows that fermented red yeast rice lowers cholesterol levels moderately compared to other statin drugs, but with the added advantage of underscores its potential as a new alternative to lipid level control.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] food supplements containing red yeast rice (ryr) are proposed as an alternative in statin-intolerant patients, although they actually contain natural statin(s) and their safety in clinical practice is still incompletely characterized.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] a number of small trials show that red yeast rice and simvastatin produce similar lipid-lowering effects.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] in conclusion, red yeast rice was tolerated as well as pravastatin and achieved a comparable reduction of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in a population previously intolerant to statins.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] red yeast rice, a commercially available food supplement known to reduce serum cholesterol, has been repeatedly advocated as alternative therapy for hypercholesterolemic patients that refuse statins, cannot tolerate statin therapy's side effects, or request a "naturopathic" medicine.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] thus, red yeast rice is a potentially useful over-the-counter cholesterol-lowering agent.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] among dyslipidemic patients with low to moderate cardiovascular risk, red yeast rice induced less fatigue side effect and exerted comparable lipid-lowering effects when compared to simvastatin in this pilot primary prevention study.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] many statin-intolerant patients use alternative lipid-lowering therapies, including red yeast rice.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] red yeast rice is an ancient chinese food product that contains monacolins, chemical substances that are similar to statins in their mechanisms of action and lipid lowering properties.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] the present trial evaluated the tolerability of red yeast rice versus pravastatin in patients unable to tolerate other statins because of myalgia.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] this review assesses the efficacy and safety of red yeast rice versus simvastatin in dyslipidaemia.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] the association of phytosterol and red yeast rice seems to have additive cholesterol lowering effect, reaching a clinically significant ldl-cholesterol reduction in mildly hypercholesterolemic patients.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] a total of 60 dyslipidemic patients with low to moderate cardiovascular risk were recruited and randomly assigned to receive either simvastatin (n = 33) or red yeast rice (n = 27) for 4 weeks.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] however, the comparative effectiveness of red yeast rice and simvastatin for the management of dyslipidaemia is unknown.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] in conclusion, red yeast rice modestly decreased total and ldl cholesterol, was well-tolerated, and was an acceptable alternative in patients intolerant of other lipid-lowering medications.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] overall, red yeast rice and simvastatin did not show any statistically significant difference in any of the outcomes examined.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] the red yeast rice ingredient that blocks cholesterol production is monacolin k. because red yeast rice preparations have large variability in monacolin k content, predicting or understanding dose-related efficacy and side-effect risks of red yeast rice is practically impossible.

Do products made from red mold rice have fewer side effects than cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins??? [SEP] phytosterols and red yeast rice are largely studied cholesterol-lowering nutraceuticals, respectively inhibiting the bowel absorption and liver synthesis of cholesterol. |||

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] sodium hypochlorite solutions lower than 0.52% were less effective for complete inactivation of poliovirus.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] in conclusion, we demonstrated that a high level of virus reduction (>10 log10) can be achieved with sodium hypochlorite solutions with poliovirus in suspension and dried on surfaces.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] we assessed the efficacy of sodium hypochlorite-containing disinfectants for decontamination for three poliovirus serotypes to implement decontamination procedures that are fully compliant with the who gap iii and health authorities' requirements.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] a 10.4 log reduction was observed with a 0.63% sodium hypochlorite solution in a suspension with high protein and high poliovirus concentrations diluted 10-fold compared with a 6 log reduction in an undiluted sample.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] the surface tests showed that two 1-min treatments, 5-min apart, with a 0.63% chl sodium hypochlorite solution effectively reduced the concentration of all poliovirus serotypes by 10 log10, irrespective of the protein and virus concentration in the sample.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] sodium hypochlorite (naocl) was examined as an effective disinfectant in hepatitis laboratories.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] to help address this issue, we studied 0.1 n naoh and 0.1% hypochlorite for their capacity to inactivate surface-dried lipid-enveloped (le) [human immunodeficiency virus (hiv), bovine viral diarrhoea virus (bvdv) and pseudorabies virus (prv)] and non-lipid-enveloped [nle; canine parvovirus (cpv) and hepatitis a virus (hav)] viruses in a background of either plasma or culture medium.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] the virucidal activity of chlorine-compounds was studied using hepatitis a virus (hav) and poliovirus 2 and comparing the disinfectant efficiency of peracetic acid.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] sodium hypochlorite solution at 5000 ppm could inactivate fcv by 3 log(10) plaque forming units after approximately 1.9 minutes of contact time, but required longer exposure times of 3.2 and 4.5 minutes to reduce mnv and ms2 by 3 log(10), respectively.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] sodium hypochlorite (naocl) is widely used to inactivate retroviruses topically and on environmental surfaces.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] we evaluated the efficacy of sodium hypochlorite to decontaminate gii.4 nov and three surrogates of human novs, feline calicivirus (fcv), murine norovirus (mnv), and coliphage ms2, on a fecally soiled stainless steel surface.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] free chlorine as hypochlorite is recommended to decontaminate fecally contaminated surfaces to control human norovirus (nov).

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] routinely used chemical sanitizers, such as sodium hypochlorite though effective on food contact surfaces, require high concentrations to cause reduction in enteric viral titers.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] low concentrations of hypochlorous acid (hocl) have been shown to exhibit both antibacterial and anti-influenza virus activity, but hocl still has not been used to kill human rhinovirus (hrv).

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] the utilization of infusion of low-concentration sodium hypochlorite dialysate for retroviral inactivation merits immediate experimental study.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] in this study, the microbicidal activities of weakly acidified chlorous acid water (wacaw) and sodium hypochlorite solution (naclo) against feline calcivirus (fcv) and c. difficile spores were compared in protein-rich conditions.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] both hepatitis b core antigen and deoxyribonucleic acid polymerase activity were significantly reduced after interaction with hypochlorite solutions.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to screen sodium hypochlorite and ethanol for efficacy against norwalk virus (nv) and expand the studies to evaluate the efficacy of antibacterial liquid soap and alcohol-based hand sanitizer for the inactivation of nv on human finger pads.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] this proposal establishes the thesis that sodium hypochlorite and its related oxygen free radicals can be administered in minute quantities in vivo to achieve a reduction in retroviral titer within the infected individual.

Can disinfectants containing highly diluted sodium hypochlorite (below 0.1%) render corona and other viruses harmless and thus protect against infection? [SEP] we selected sodium hypochlorite as a readily available alternative which is active against viruses and bacteria. |||

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] degenerative joint disease, including osteoarthritis, is highly prevalent in cats and many cases have associated pain and impaired mobility.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] degenerative joint disease is common in cats, with signs of pain frequently found on orthopedic examination and radiographs often showing evidence of disease.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] detection of clinically relevant pain relief in cats with degenerative joint disease (djd) is complicated by a lack of validated outcome measures and a placebo effect.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] progress in establishing if therapies provide relief to cats with degenerative joint disease (djd)-associated pain is hampered by a lack of validated owner-administered assessment methods.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] degenerative joint disease and associated pain are common in cats, particularly in older cats.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] osteoarthritis is a chronic, painful condition that is now recognised as affecting a large proportion of cats.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] the objectives of this study were to evaluate low-dose daily meloxicam for the treatment of pain associated with degenerative joint disease in cats, and further validate two clinical metrology instruments, the feline musculoskeletal pain index (fmpi) and the client specific outcome measures (csom).

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] this study offered further validation of the fmpi as a clinical metrology instrument for use in detecting therapeutic efficacy in cats with degenerative joint disease.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] enrolled cats were 6-21 years of age, with owner-observed mobility impairment, evidence of pain in at least 2 joints during orthopedic examination, and overlapping radiographic evidence of djd, and underwent a 2-week baseline period, 3-week treatment period with placebo or meloxicam, and 3-week masked washout period.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] there is little doubt that cats with hd and associated osteoarthritis (oa) suffer pain, and this warrants appropriate therapy.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] sixty-six client owned cats with degenerative joint disease and owner-reported impairments in mobility were screened and enrolled into a double-masked, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] results showed that cats with higher radiographic degenerative joint disease scores have higher serum concentrations of il-4 and il-8, while cats with higher orthopedic exam pain scores have higher concentrations of il-8, il-2, and tnf-α; increased concentration of il-8 in degenerative joint disease and pain may be confounded by the association with age.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] this is the first report of chronic progressive polyarthritis in a female cat.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] the objective of the study was to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of robenacoxib, a selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor, for the treatment of acute pain and inflammation associated with musculoskeletal disorders in cats.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] a total of 68 cats presenting with pain and inflammation associated with acute musculoskeletal disorders were recruited and allocated randomly to receive, orally once daily for 5-6 days, either 1.0-2.4 mg/kg robenacoxib (n=47) or 1mg/kg ketoprofen (n=21).

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] a 6-month-old cat was successfully treated for bilateral quadriceps contracture.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] samples from a total of 186 cats were analyzed, with cats representing a range of severity on radiographic and orthopedic evaluations and categorized by degenerative joint disease scores and pain scores.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] systemic prednisolone treatment appeared to be of benefit in the management of this case and may have a role in some cats where muscle contracture appears relapsing in nature.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] robenacoxib was well tolerated when administered daily for 1 month in cats with osteoarthritis, including cats with evidence of concurrent ckd.

Does cat's claw improve joint disease symptoms? [SEP] the results of this study showed oral meloxicam to be safe and palatable long-term treatment for osteoarthritis in cats when given with food at a dose of 0.01-0.03 mg/kg. |||

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] this review article mainly focuses on the antiviral potential of essential oils and their chemical constituents especially against influenza and coronaviruses.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] essential oils have shown promise as antiviral agents against several pathogenic viruses.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] essential oils have been screened against several pathogenic viruses, including influenza and other respiratory viral infections.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] essential oils and oleoresins have been shown through in vitro and in vivo experiments to induce antiviral effects against coronavirus infectious bronchitis virus.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] several essential oils have shown to possess antiviral activity in vitro against a wide spectrum of viruses.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] essential oils and their chemical constituents have been reported with well documented antimicrobial effects against a range of bacterial, fungal and viral pathogens.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] the essential oils of cinnamon, bergamot, lemongrass, thyme, lavender have been reported to exert potent antiviral effects against influenza type a virus.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] however, essential oil components may act synergistically, essential oils may potentiate other antiviral agents, or they may provide some relief of covid-19 symptoms.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] the antiviral assays demonstrated that 11 of the 62 essential oils (100 μg/ml) possessed anti-influenza activity, reducing visible cytopathic effects of influenza a/ws/33 virus activity by > 30%.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] in this paper, we investigate the potential role of an essential oil in antiviral activity.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] an essential oil blend significantly attenuates influenza virus pr8 infectivity in vitro without affecting viral binding or cellular internalization in mdck cells.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] essential oils also inhibit hemagglutinin (an important membrane protein of various viruses) of certain viruses; this membrane protein allows the virus to enter the host cell.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] the main mechanism of antiviral effects of essential oils has been found to cause capsid disintegration and viral expansion which prevents the virus to infect host cells by adsorption via the capsid.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] this study was conducted to determine whether essential oils had anti-influenza a/ws/33 virus activity and whether there were specific compounds associated with this activity.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] a study reported 221 phytochemical compounds and essential oils to be effective against severe acute respiratory syndrome associated coronavirus (sars-cov) using a cell-based assay measuring sars-cov-induced cytopathogenic effect on vero e6 cells.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] influenza virus infectivity was suppressed by essential oil treatment in a dose-dependent manner; the number of nascent viral particles released from mdck cells was reduced by 90% and by 40% when virus was treated with 1:4,000 and 1:6,000 dilutions of the oil, respectively.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] many essential oils and their components could inhibit the late stages of viral life cycle by targeting the redox signalling pathway.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] essential oils and their volatile constituents are used widely to prevent and treat human disease.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] the presence of essential oil in the culture medium enhances the antiviral effect: l. origanoides oil at 11.1 microg/ml produced a 100% reduction of virus yield, and the same result was observed with l. alba, o. vulgare and a. vulgaris oils at 100 microg/ml.

Do essential oils protect against corona infections and other viral infections like colds or flu? [SEP] essential oils exhibit a wide range of bioactivities, especially antimicrobial activity, and have long been utilized for treating various human ailments and diseases. |||

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] this research aims at evaluating the ability of air purifiers to be a therapy of allergic rhinitis.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] in combination with other allergen avoidance measures, the examined air-cleaners can contribute to diminished allergen exposure and improvement of airway hyperresponsiveness in asthmatic patients.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] air purifiers have been recommended by clinicians for ar patients, but few studies have focused on the removal of airborne allergens from home environments.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] hepa air purifiers can effectively reduce pm and hdm allergen concentration in the indoor air, and thereby improve clinical manifestations of patients with ar.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] ar patients can remove pollen from their homes using air purifiers, decreasing the risk of symptoms.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] air purification can reduce concentrations of particles in indoor air, including those of allergens.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to test recently developed air-cleaners with respect to their capacity to capture airborne allergen particles and to improve clinical parameters of asthmatic patients sensitized to aeroallergens.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] 32 subjects (25±13.5 years old) diagnosed with allergic rhinitis were selected and hepa air purifiers placed in their bedrooms for 4 months.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] this study investigates the efficacy of a high-efficiency air purifier in reducing disease activity in the homes of ar patients sensitive to the allergens produced by artemisia (mugwort) pollen.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] in asthma, adrenergic agonists alleviate airflow obstruction and prevent obstructive responses to a variety of stimuli.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] since the 1950s, corticosteroid aerosols have proved useful in the treatment of asthma.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] inhaled adenosine receptor agonists induce bronchoconstriction and inflammation in asthma and are used as bronchial challenge agents for the diagnosis of asthma and in respiratory drug development.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] since airway hyperresponsiveness (ahr) and allergic inflammatory changes are regarded as the primary manifestations of asthma, the main goals of asthma treatment are to decrease inflammation and maximize bronchodilation.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] inhalation of allergens by sensitized patients with asthma induces reversible airway obstruction, airway hyperresponsiveness, and eosinophilic airway inflammation.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] attenuation of allergen-induced bronchoconstriction and inflammation has been used to examine the efficacy of therapeutic agents such as inhaled corticosteroids in asthma.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] inhalation therapy with bronchodilators (relievers) and anti-inflammatory agents (controllers) forms the basis of treatment for most patients with asthma of different severities.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] recommendations for allergen avoidance or allergen reduction measures play an important part in the treatment of allergic asthmatic patients.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] these findings collectively indicate that nebulized ketamine attenuated many of the central components of inflammatory changes and ahr in ova-provoked experimental asthma, potentially providing a new therapeutic approach against asthma.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] background: asthma is a common chronic airway disease associated with hyperresponsiveness and airway inflammation.

Do air purifiers help relieve symptoms of allergic asthma? [SEP] in asthmatic patients, airflow limitation is at least partly reversed by administration of pharmacological bronchodilators, typically β2 -adrenoceptor agonists. |||

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] this paper reveals the importance of correctly bathing premature infants as hospital admission, re-entry and morbidity and mortality may be reduced.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] conclusions an evaluation of safety in a district general hospital has demonstrated similar postnatal outcomes among babies born in water, compared to those born on land.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] we performed a microbiological study comparing neonatal bacterial colonisation after water birth to conventional bed deliveries with or without relaxation bath.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] additional trials were sought that compared the outcomes of interest in groups of premature infants who were given different levels of water intake according to experimental protocol.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] no differences have been reported in skin parameters such as ph, transepidermal water loss, and stratum corneum hydration whether the first and subsequent baths are given using water alone or water and a mild baby cleanser.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] we evaluated skin barrier function, measured by skin surface ph (primary outcome), transepidermal water loss (tewl), and hydration of the stratum corneum (sch) in 100 newborns before and after their first bath, randomizing this cohort to bathing with water alone or with water and a liquid baby cleanser.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] we focused on infant bathing in normal temperature water (37 degrees c, range 36-38 degrees c) rather than in hot water that is above body temperature.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] introduction giving birth in water has increased in popularity over recent years, with potential benefits in terms of maternal comfort and decreased rates of instrumental delivery.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] water was perceived to indirectly affect infant feeding through caregiver capabilities by increasing time demands, exacerbating disease, undernutrition, and mortality, and requiring greater efficacy of caregivers.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] based on this analysis, the most prudent prescription for water intake to premature infants would seem to be careful restriction of water intake so that physiological needs are met without allowing significant dehydration.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] by systematically investigating biocultural pathways by which water impacts infant and young child feeding, it will be possible to understand if, and how, water security can be leveraged to improve child nutrition and health.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] in addition, bathing with water alone or water and a liquid baby cleanser does not impact the developing skin barrier.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] forty nine babies were randomized to cleansing product, 51 to water.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] breast fed babies receiving water or dextrose supplements had higher plasma bilirubins on the sixth day of life than bottle fed infants.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] there was no significant difference in rates of neonatal unit admission between waterbirths and non-waterbirths.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] we propose the concept of baby wash as an additional component of early childhood development programs.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] these findings suggest that water presents many, and sometimes unexpected, challenges to infant feeding.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] to review relevant literature about bathing newborn infants, as well as examine the controversies about bathing nicu patients including the use of daily chlorhexidine gluconate (chg) baths.

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] 100 healthy, full term neonates aged <24 hours were randomly assigned to bathing with water and cotton wool (w) or with a cleaning product (cp).

Is special baby water better for infants than tap water? [SEP] most premature infants are not sufficiently mature physiologically to ingest all of their required water and nutrients orally. |||

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] previous studies have shown that platelet-rich plasma reduces osteoarthritis symptoms in similar proportions as viscosupplements.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] this study aims to assess whether platelet rich plasma (prp) is an effective treatment for knee osteoarthritis, and compare its efficiency with corticosteroid treatment in terms of pain control, physical function, and quality of life.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] according to the results obtained, platelet-rich plasma presented longer-lasting effects within 180 days in the treatment of knee osteoarthritis.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] intra-articular injections of platelet rich plasma (prp) for the treatment of knee osteoarthritis have been shown to reduce pain and improve joint function.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] platelet-rich plasma is an experimental treatment in osteoarthritis.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] objectives  this study aimed to analyze the efficacy of platelet-rich plasma obtained from the peripheral, autologous blood of the patients in pain complaints reduction and functional improvement of knee osteoarthritis compared with the standard treatment with injectable corticosteroid, such as triamcinolone.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] platelet-rich plasma (prp) is a concentrate of autologous blood growth factors which has been shown to provide some symptomatic relief in early osteoarthritis (oa) of the knee.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] improvements in knee osteoarthritis (oa) symptoms with platelet-rich plasma (prp) have been attributed to its ability to modify intra-articular inflammatory processes.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] platelet-rich plasma might prolong the time to arthroplasty and provide a valid therapeutic option in selected patients with knee osteoarthritis not responding to conventional treatments.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] platelet-rich plasma therapy is a simple and minimally invasive intervention which is feasible to deliver in primary care to treat osteoarthritis of the knee joint.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] background and purpose - platelet-rich plasma (prp) is broadly used in the treatment of knee osteoarthritis, but clinical outcomes are highly variable.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] platelet-rich plasma may be an effective treatment for knee oa.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] intra-articular injections of platelet-rich plasma associated with better outcomes than hyaluronic acid in knee osteoarthritis.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] recently, platelet-rich plasma (prp) has received attention as a treatment for patients with osteoarthritis of the knee (oak), a chronic degenerative disease, to bridge the gap between conservative and surgical treatments.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] the administration of platelet-rich plasma (prp), which increases the release of growth factors targeting cartilage regeneration, is used in an effort to relieve pain in knee osteoarthritis (oa).

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] an intra-articular injection of platelet-rich plasma (prp) may be an effective treatment for osteoarthritis (oa).

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] results  the present study verified the reduction of pain scores, such as the womac score, and elevations of functional scales, such as the kss, evidenced in 180 days when using platelet-rich plasma, a therapy that uses the autologous blood of the patient and has fewer side effects.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] platelet-rich plasma has a statistically significant benefit in knee oa when compared with hyaluronic acid.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] platelet-rich plasma (prp) injections are often used for the treatment of knee osteoarthritis (oa), despite clinical value and cost-effectiveness not being definitely established.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the knee joint? [SEP] platelet-rich plasma (prp) is a potentially efficacious treatment for ankle osteoarthritis (oa), but its use has not been examined in high-quality studies. |||

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] platelet-rich plasma (prp) is a concentrate of autologous blood growth factors which has been shown to provide some symptomatic relief in early osteoarthritis (oa) of the knee.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] the effectiveness of intra-articular platelet-rich plasma (prp) injections has been evaluated in knee chondroplasty and osteoarthritis (oa); however, little evidence of its efficacy in hip oa exists.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] platelet-rich plasma therapy is a simple and minimally invasive intervention which is feasible to deliver in primary care to treat osteoarthritis of the knee joint.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] intra-articular injections of platelet-rich plasma (prp) and hyaluronic acid (ha) represent efficacious medical treatments for osteoarthritis (oa), although no comparative study on long-term efficacy in hip oa exists.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] an intra-articular injection of platelet-rich plasma (prp) may be an effective treatment for osteoarthritis (oa).

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] background and purpose - platelet-rich plasma (prp) is broadly used in the treatment of knee osteoarthritis, but clinical outcomes are highly variable.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] emerging evidence has suggested that platelet-rich plasma (prp) might be of assistance in the treatment of degenerative conditions of the joints.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] osteoarthritis (oa) is the most common age-related degenerative joint disease and platelet-rich plasma (prp) has been shown to be beneficial in oa.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] platelet-rich plasma may be an effective treatment for knee oa.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] the administration of platelet-rich plasma (prp), which increases the release of growth factors targeting cartilage regeneration, is used in an effort to relieve pain in knee osteoarthritis (oa).

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] platelet-rich plasma (prp) has recently been postulated as a treatment for osteoarthritis (oa).

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] intra-articular platelet-rich plasma (prp) injection therapy has been extensively applied in clinical practice to treat musculoskeletal disorders such as osteoarthritis, but the treatment for haemophilic arthropathy is rarely reported.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] this systematic review aimed to investigate whether intra-articular injections of platelet-rich plasma (prp) are beneficial for the treatment of degenerative temporomandibular disorders, such as temporomandibular joint osteoarthritis (tmj-oa) and disc displacement with osteoarthritic lesions, when compared to other treatments, such as injections of hyaluronic acid (ha) or saline.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] recently, platelet rich plasma (prp) injections have been introduced for treatment of osteoarthritis.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] despite its increasing use in the management of musculoskeletal conditions, questions remain regarding the preparation methods of platelet-rich plasma (prp) and its clinical applications for intra-articular hip disorders, including femoroacetabular impingement syndrome (fais), labral pathology, and osteoarthritis (oa).

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] platelet-rich plasma has a statistically significant benefit in knee oa when compared with hyaluronic acid.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] platelet-rich plasma (prp) preparations are a common treatment in osteoarthritis (oa) and inflammatory synovitis.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] a promising biological treatment for oa is intra-articular administration of platelet-rich plasma (prp).

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] in patients with mild/moderate hip osteoarthritis, prp may provide pain relief and functional improvement for up to six months.

Does platelet-rich plasma therapy (autologous blood therapy) reduce pain in osteoarthritis of the hip joint??? [SEP] intra-articular injections of prp are efficacious in terms of functional improvement and pain reduction but are not superior to ha in patients with symptomatic hip oa at 12-month follow-up. |||

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] here we review the in vitro data on the role of vitamin d in antiviral innate immunity, the data concerning the deficient levels of vitamin d in lung diseases, and the in vivo role of supplementation as protection against respiratory viral infections in healthy individuals and in patients with chronic respiratory diseases.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] patients with respiratory disease are frequently deficient in vitamin d, implying that supplementation might provide significant benefit to these patients.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] higher vitamin d concentrations have been proposed as a protective 'seasonal stimulus' against influenza, and there are suggestions for associations with other aspects of respiratory health.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] interventional and observational epidemiological studies provide evidence that vitamin d deficiency may confer increased risk of influenza and respiratory tract infection.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] finally, we suggest ways of improving the effectiveness of vitamin d as an adjuvant in the prevention and treatment of acute respiratory infections.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] to determine whether high-dose vs standard-dose vitamin d supplementation reduces the incidence of wintertime upper respiratory tract infections in young children.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] vitamin d, acting through this receptor, may be important in protection against respiratory infections.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] clinical trials have found that prophylactic vitamin d supplementation decreases the risk of developing pneumonia in children.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] some studies have hypothesized that vitamin d may have a role to play in protection against influenza virus infections and illnesses, and that seasonal fluctuation in serum 25-hydroxyvitamin d [25(oh)d] may affect seasonal patterns of influenza virus infections.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] in conclusion, vitamin d status had a linear relationship with respiratory infections and lung function.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] these findings indicate that lower serum vitamin d concentrations may not contribute to the seasonality of influenza and are not associated with an increased risk of influenza virus infections in persons of all ages in hong kong.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] among healthy children aged 1 to 5 years, daily administration of 2000 iu compared with 400 iu of vitamin d supplementation did not reduce overall wintertime upper respiratory tract infections.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] the aim of the present study was to investigate the relationship of current vitamin d status (measured by 25-hydroxyvitamin d, 25(oh)d) with respiratory infections and lung function.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] although epidemiologic studies link poor in vivo 25(oh)d status to increased viral respiratory infections, we poorly understand how vitamin d affects viral pattern recognition receptor (prr)-driven cytokine production.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] these findings do not support the routine use of high-dose vitamin d supplementation in children for the prevention of viral upper respiratory tract infections.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] observational studies conclusively show that a low vitamin d status is associated with an increased occurrence of respiratory viral infections, which globally represent significant health and financial burdens.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] when vitamin d is deficient, it can cause a series of related diseases, such as respiratory tract infection.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] children with acute pneumonia may be vitamin d deficient.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] epidemiological studies support a link between low 25-hydroxyvitamin d levels and a higher risk of viral upper respiratory tract infections.

Can vitamin D supplements prevent colds, flu, colds, and other viral respiratory illnesses when there is no or only a mild deficiency of vitamin D? [SEP] thus far, vitamin d has not been found to enhance the immune response to vaccines. |||

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] the use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and calcium channel blockers was associated with an increased rate of lung cancer (rr: 1.13; 95% ci: 1.06-1.20 and rr: 1.19; 95% ci: 1.12-1.27, respectively).

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] additional research is needed to further investigate a potentially increased risk of lung cancer with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and calcium channel blockers.

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] this retrospective cohort study was conducted to analyze the risk of cancer development in patients who received ace inhibitors/arbs as treatment for essential hypertension.

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] ramipril, an inhibitor of the angiotensin-converting enzyme (acei), is a drug commonly used in the therapy of hypertension.

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (acei) and angiotensin ii receptor blockers (arbs) reduce cardiovascular disease (cvd) events, but a recent meta-analysis of selected studies suggested that arbs may increase cancer risks.

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] this newly described effect of ramiprilat may contribute to the protective effects seen by application of ace inhibitors.

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] regular use of ace inhibitors/arbs was not associated with an increased risk of cancer development and was actually found to decrease overall cancer risk in this study.

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] recently, concerns have been raised that angiotensin ii receptor blockers (arbs) may be associated with an increased risk for cancer development.

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] thus, the objective of this study was to determine whether arbs are associated with an overall increased risk of the four most common cancers, namely, lung, colorectal, breast and prostate cancers, and to explore these effects separately for each cancer type.

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] angiotensin-converting enzyme (ace) inhibitors like ramiprilat bind to ace expressed on the cell surface of endothelial cells and induce cell-specific signalling including the activation of activator protein (ap)-1.

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] ramipril-associated liver injury is similar to that seen with other angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, but liver biopsy findings of duct necrosis and extravasation of bile have not been reported previously.

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] prolonged cholestatic hepatitis and biliary cirrhosis may result from the use of ramipril.

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] there are conflicting reports on cancer risk associated with angiotensin-converting enzyme (ace) inhibitors/angiotensin receptor blockers (arbs).

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] after adjusting for age, gender, co-morbidities, and medications for hypertension control, arb use was found to be independently associated with a decreased risk for cancer occurrence (hazard ratio 0.66, 95% confidence interval 0.63 to 0.68, p <0.001).

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] the primary objective of this study was to investigate the effects of the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ace) inhibitor, ramipril, on carotid atherosclerosis in patients with coronary, cerebrovascular or peripheral vascular disease.

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] in diabetic patients who have had a previous cardiovascular event or having one other cardiovascular risk factor, the micro-hope clinical trial showed that ramipril lowers the combined risk of myocardial infarction, stroke and cardiovascular death by 25%.

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] we assessed whether ramipril was superior to other ace inhibitors after ami as suggested by a previously published study.

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] withdrawal of several medications including ramipril resulted in an immediate decrease in les, whereas a subsequent re-exposure with ramipril resulted in a striking increase in les (>35-fold increase of alt).

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] we examined the effects of addition of an ace inhibitor (ramipril) to an arb (telmisartan) for a mean follow-up of 56 months in people with diabetes [n = 9628, mean age 66 years, baseline blood pressure 144/82 mmhg, bmi 29 kg/m², estimated glomerular filtration rate (egfr) 73 ml/min, and urine albumin 11 mg/mmol] who participated in the ontarget trial, divided by those with (n = 3163) and without (n = 6465) nephropathy.

Does ACE inhibitors like ramipril increase the risk of lung cancer? [SEP] in addition to decreasing angiotensin ii and increasing bradykinin levels, ramipril increases the levels of vasodilatory renal medullary neutral lipids and inhibits platelet-derived growth factor-induced proliferation of glomerulus cells. |||

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] given the current emergency caused by the covid-19 pandemic and limited therapeutic options, propolis is presented as a promising and relevant therapeutic option that is safe, easy to administrate orally and is readily available as a natural supplement and functional food.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] propolis has also shown promise as an aid in the treatment of various of the comorbidities that are particularly dangerous in covid-19 patients, including respiratory diseases, hypertension, diabetes, and cancer.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] the aim of this review is to discuss the growing evidence that propolis may, via a diverse array of biological actions, assist in the prevention of some inflammation-mediated pathologies including cardiovascular disease.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] in pre-clinical studies, propolis promoted immunoregulation of pro-inflammatory cytokines, including reduction in il-6, il-1 beta and tnf-α.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] in addition, propolis and its components have anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory activities.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] the covid-19 pandemic has renewed interest in propolis products worldwide; fortunately, various aspects of the sars-cov-2 infection mechanism are potential targets for propolis compounds.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] many important pharmaceutical properties have been ascribed to propolis, including anti-inflammatory, antiviral, immunostimulatory and carcinostatic activities.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] propolis is thought to help prevent thrombotic and related cardiovascular diseases in humans.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] propolis has been used in folk medicine since ancient times and is known for its antimicrobial, antiparasitic, antiviral, anti-inflammatory, antitumoral and antioxidant properties.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] propolis has traditionally been used in curing infections and healing wounds and burns.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] propolis has been reported to display a broad spectrum of biological activities such as anticancer, antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, antibiotic and antifungal properties, among others.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] propolis, a resinous material produced by honey bees from plant exudates, has long been used in traditional herbal medicine and is widely consumed as a health aid and immune system booster.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] different biological activities and therapeutic applications of propolis have been studied before.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] in this study, we examined the effects of the oral ingestion of propolis on natural killer (nk) cell activity, which is important in immune surveillance against cancer and viral infections.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] this review will highlight the effects of propolis that may assist in the prevention of chronic degenerative diseases, such as cardiovascular disease.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] propolis, a traditional medicine, has been widely used for a thousand years as an anti-inflammatory and antioxidant drug.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] propolis is a resinous compound that has been widely used in folk medicine.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] propolis has attracted attention in recent years due to its beneficial effects, which make it a potential preventive and therapeutic agent as well as a useful additive in food and cosmetics.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] propolis components have inhibitory effects on the ace2, tmprss2 and pak1 signaling pathways; in addition, antiviral activity has been proven in vitro and in vivo.

Does propolis have a preventive or soothing effect against infection with coronavirus, colds or flu? [SEP] moreover, propolis has been shown to lower blood pressure and cholesterol levels. |||

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] in children with or at risk of developing high myopia, a starting dose of atropine 0.5% was associated with decreased progression in european children during a 3-year treatment regimen.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] our study supports high-dose atropine as a treatment option for children at risk of developing high myopia in adulthood.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] in this prospective clinical effectiveness study, children with progressive myopia ≥ 1d/year or myopia ≤ -2.5d were prescribed atropine 0.5%.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] we investigated whether lower doses of atropine would control myopia progression.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] background and objectives: atropine is a nonselective muscarinic antagonist which has been used to prevent worsening of myopia in children.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] to confirm the clinical security and effectiveness of the daily application of 0.01% superdiluted atropine eyedrops in the progression of myopia in children.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] the widespread use of low-concentration atropine, especially in east asia, may help prevent the myopia progression for the high-risk children.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] regular topical administration of 0.025% atropine eye drops can prevent myopia onset and myopic shift in premyopic schoolchildren for a 1-year period.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of 0.025% atropine solution for prevention of myopic shift and myopia onset in premyopic children.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] fifteen myopic children who received daily atropine 1% ophthalmic solution bilaterally for a mean of 29.3 months (range 3-96) were compared to a control group of 15 unrelated similar myopic patients.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] to investigate the clinical efficacy of 0.01% atropine in slowing the progression of myopia in children and to evaluate the influence of 0.01% atropine on secretion of basal tear and stability of tear film.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] to study the safety and efficacy of topical 1% atropine eye ointment in retarding myopic progression in children with moderate to severe myopia.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] the effectiveness of atropine in controlling the progression of myopia was dose related.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] because studies have suggested that atropine might slow the progression of myopia in children, randomized clinical trials are warranted to understand this potential causal relationship.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy and safety of atropine, 0.01%, eyedrops on slowing myopia progression and axial elongation in chinese children.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] the purpose of this article was to evaluate the long-term efficacy of a low-concentration (lc) atropine eye drop regimen (0.05%-0.1%) for controlling myopia progression in schoolchildren.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] in this study cohort, topical atropine1% reduced the degree of low myopia and slowed the progression of ocular axial elongation in children.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] atropine 1% ophthalmic solution has been used to retard progression of simple childhood myopia.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] the results of this study demonstrate that long-term and regular instillation of lc atropine eye drops is effective for controlling myopia progression and provides a possible strategy for an initial myopia regimen.

Does DAILY administration of HIGH-dose atropine (0.5 - 1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] to compare the safety and efficacy of different concentrations of atropine eyedrops in controlling myopia progression over 5 years. |||

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] low-dose atropine significantly slowed the rate of myopia progression in european paediatric patients with a favourable safety profile.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] in children with or at risk of developing high myopia, a starting dose of atropine 0.5% was associated with decreased progression in european children during a 3-year treatment regimen.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy and safety of atropine 0.01% in slowing myopia progression in european paediatric patients.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] in this prospective clinical effectiveness study, children with progressive myopia ≥ 1d/year or myopia ≤ -2.5d were prescribed atropine 0.5%.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] our study supports high-dose atropine as a treatment option for children at risk of developing high myopia in adulthood.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] we investigated whether lower doses of atropine would control myopia progression.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] fifteen myopic children who received daily atropine 1% ophthalmic solution bilaterally for a mean of 29.3 months (range 3-96) were compared to a control group of 15 unrelated similar myopic patients.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] background and objectives: atropine is a nonselective muscarinic antagonist which has been used to prevent worsening of myopia in children.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] atropine prevented development of myopia in both unilateral lim and fdm in a dose-dependent fashion.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] to investigate the clinical efficacy of 0.01% atropine in slowing the progression of myopia in children and to evaluate the influence of 0.01% atropine on secretion of basal tear and stability of tear film.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] the widespread use of low-concentration atropine, especially in east asia, may help prevent the myopia progression for the high-risk children.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] because studies have suggested that atropine might slow the progression of myopia in children, randomized clinical trials are warranted to understand this potential causal relationship.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] to study the safety and efficacy of topical 1% atropine eye ointment in retarding myopic progression in children with moderate to severe myopia.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy and safety of atropine, 0.01%, eyedrops on slowing myopia progression and axial elongation in chinese children.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] the purpose of this article was to evaluate the long-term efficacy of a low-concentration (lc) atropine eye drop regimen (0.05%-0.1%) for controlling myopia progression in schoolchildren.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] atropine 1% ophthalmic solution has been used to retard progression of simple childhood myopia.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] the results of this study demonstrate that long-term and regular instillation of lc atropine eye drops is effective for controlling myopia progression and provides a possible strategy for an initial myopia regimen.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] we then prospectively examined the effects of long-term atropine treatment on iop.our case series collected 186 myopic children who were younger than 16 years of age.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] low concentration atropine is effective in myopia control.

Does MONTHLY administered HIGH-dose atropine (1%) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children? [SEP] the rate of myopia progression at baseline and 12 months after treatment with atropine was evaluated. |||

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] low-dose atropine significantly slowed the rate of myopia progression in european paediatric patients with a favourable safety profile.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] in children with or at risk of developing high myopia, a starting dose of atropine 0.5% was associated with decreased progression in european children during a 3-year treatment regimen.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] we investigated whether lower doses of atropine would control myopia progression.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy and safety of atropine 0.01% in slowing myopia progression in european paediatric patients.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] because studies have suggested that atropine might slow the progression of myopia in children, randomized clinical trials are warranted to understand this potential causal relationship.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] regular topical administration of 0.025% atropine eye drops can prevent myopia onset and myopic shift in premyopic schoolchildren for a 1-year period.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] to investigate the clinical efficacy of 0.01% atropine in slowing the progression of myopia in children and to evaluate the influence of 0.01% atropine on secretion of basal tear and stability of tear film.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of 0.025% atropine solution for prevention of myopic shift and myopia onset in premyopic children.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] in this study cohort, topical atropine1% reduced the degree of low myopia and slowed the progression of ocular axial elongation in children.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] in this prospective clinical effectiveness study, children with progressive myopia ≥ 1d/year or myopia ≤ -2.5d were prescribed atropine 0.5%.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] background and objectives: atropine is a nonselective muscarinic antagonist which has been used to prevent worsening of myopia in children.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] our study supports high-dose atropine as a treatment option for children at risk of developing high myopia in adulthood.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy and safety of atropine, 0.01%, eyedrops on slowing myopia progression and axial elongation in chinese children.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] atropine 1% ophthalmic solution has been used to retard progression of simple childhood myopia.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] to study the safety and efficacy of topical 1% atropine eye ointment in retarding myopic progression in children with moderate to severe myopia.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] the purpose of this article was to evaluate the long-term efficacy of a low-concentration (lc) atropine eye drop regimen (0.05%-0.1%) for controlling myopia progression in schoolchildren.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] the effectiveness of atropine in controlling the progression of myopia was dose related.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] while low-dose atropine eye drops are currently widely used to inhibit myopia development in children, the underlying mechanisms are poorly understood.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] although 1% atropine effectively slows myopia progression, it is associated with adverse effects, including photophobia, blurred near vision, and poor compliance.

Does LOW dose atropine (0.05% or less) sustainably inhibit the progression of myopia in children??? [SEP] lower concentrations of atropine (0.5 to 0.01%) have been reported to be associated with fewer symptoms, while still controlling myopia. |||

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] reverse quarantine is a promising public health measure to reduce the morbidity and mortality associated with covid-19.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] this control measure could be an effective strategy to control local and re-emerging outbreaks of covid-19.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] reverses quarantine is a useful strategy to reduce morbidity and mortality associated with covid-19.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] review the role of reverse quarantine in the control of covid-19.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] to slow down the spread of covid-19, governments worldwide are trying to identify infected people, and contain the virus by enforcing isolation, and quarantine.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] these measures to reduce human contact, such as social distancing, are deemed necessary to contain the spread of the virus and protect those at increased risk of developing complications following infection with covid-19.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] using a simulation-based model of viral transmission, we tested the efficacy of different intervention measures to control local covid-19 outbreaks.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] the coronavirus disease (covid-19) pandemic is an immense global health threat that has invoked unheard-of containment measures in numerous countries to reduce the number of new infections.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] control measures, based on isolation, contact tracing, and quarantine, can decrease and delay the burden of the ongoing epidemic.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] identifying and isolating individuals infected with covid-19 are critical steps in stopping the spread of the coronavirus.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] in response to the covid-19 pandemic, public health communication campaigns have been targeted at reducing viral transmission, specifically among populations most vulnerable to infection and death from the virus (e.g.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] the success of behavioral interventions and policies designed to reduce the impact of the covid-19 pandemic depends on how well individuals are informed about both the consequences of infection and the steps that should be taken to reduce the impact of the disease.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] contact tracing and quarantine are common measures used in the management of infectious disease outbreaks.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] many countries have enforced social distancing to stop the spread of covid-19.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] with respect to the ongoing covid-19 epidemic, recent modeling work shows that these interventions may be inadequate to control local outbreaks, even when perfect isolation is assumed.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] objectives covid-19 has infected millions of people across the globe, leading to hundreds of thousands of deaths.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] intervention and control cohorts were defined based on whether cases were subjected to contact tracing and quarantine measures before the laboratory confirmation of disease.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] as there is no effective therapy or vaccine yet, rigorous implementation of traditional public health measures such as isolation and quarantine remains the most effective tool to control the outbreak.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] in response to the covid-19 pandemic, many countries have adopted community containment to manage covid-19.

Is quarantining persons who have had contact with infected persons or who enter from high-risk areas an effective measure to reduce the number of COVID-19 infections and deaths? [SEP] in addition, the administration of an antiviral drug, together with quarantine, isolation, and contact tracing, is shown to decrease the spread of the epidemic. |||

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] previously, groups had targeted conserved coronavirus proteins as a strategy to generate live attenuated vaccine strains against current and future covs.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] influenza virus like particles (vlps) containing hemagglutinin were previously demonstrated to induce protection against the homologous strains.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] serum immunoglobulin g (igg) antibodies have been implicated in protection against norovirus-associated gastroenteritis, but the level, specificity, and functionality necessary for protection remain to be elucidated.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] we investigated whether gc protects hsv from antibody neutralization.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] coupled with increased safety and reduced pathogenesis, the study highlights the potential for 2'o methyltransferase attenuation as a major component of future live attenuated coronavirus vaccines.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] with an ongoing threat posed by circulating zoonotic strains, new strategies are required to prepare for the next emergent coronavirus (cov).

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] together, the data suggest that hsv-1 gc protects the viral envelope glycoproteins essential for entry, including gb, by shielding them from neutralization as a potential mechanism of immune evasion.importance hsv-1 causes lifelong infection in the human population and can be fatal in neonatal and immunocompromised individuals.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] human pathogenic coronavirus nl63 (hcov-nl63) is a group 1 (alpha) coronavirus commonly associated with respiratory tract infections.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] together, the results indicate that targeting the cov 2'o mtase in parallel with other conserved attenuating mutations may provide a platform strategy for rapidly generating live attenuated coronavirus vaccines.importance emergent coronaviruses remain a significant threat to global public health and rapid response vaccine platforms are needed to stem future outbreaks.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] gc may function to help hsv escape neutralization by antibodies.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] antibodies with functional anti-human cytomegalovirus (hcmv) activity are likely to be involved in preventing virus dissemination and thus may contribute to minimize the clinical manifestations of infection.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] in this study, we developed vlps (na vlps) containing na and m1 derived from a/pr/8/34 (h1n1) influenza virus, and investigated their ability to induce protective immunity.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] this work suggests a novel role for gc in shielding the hsv entry glycoproteins.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] our study focuses on hcov-nl63 open reading frame 3 (orf 3) which is a highly conserved accessory protein among coronaviruses.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] human coronavirus nl63 (hcov-nl63), a common human respiratory pathogen, is associated with both upper and lower respiratory tract disease in children and adults.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] current strategies for influenza virus vaccines primarily aim to elicit immune responses towards the globular head domain of the hemagglutinin (ha) protein so that binding of the virus to membrane receptors on the host cells is inhibited.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] there is evidence that polyspecific "natural" antibodies provide early protection, independent of t cell help.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] the protein was detected within the endoplasmatic reticulum/golgi intermediate compartment (ergic) where coronavirus assembly and budding takes place.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] in addition, following subcutaneous rhcmv challenge at 8 weeks postvaccination, animals vaccinated with mva-rhul128c showed reduced plasma viral loads.

Can homeopathic globules protect against infection with the novel coronavirus? [SEP] high-performance neutralizing antibody against influenza virus typically recognizes the globular head region of its hemagglutinin (ha) envelope glycoprotein. |||

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] teriparatide, a therapeutic agent for osteoporosis, has been reported to increase the incidences of bone neoplasms such as osteosarcoma when administered subcutaneously to fischer 344 (f344) rats for a long term, but its non-carcinogenic dose level following 2-year daily administration has not been established.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] it appears that the osteoblastogenic effect of teriparatide might induce this condition and, most likely, osteosarcoma in certain populations.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] because adequate clinical trials have not yet been conducted to assess the efficacy of teriparatide for reducing the risk of hip fracture, we review here the literature regarding how treatment with teriparatide affects the hip in patients with osteoporosis.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] the patient had history of severe osteoporosis with multiple fractures and was on teriparatide for 16 months.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] in conclusion, although teriparatide seems quite effective in the treatment of osteoporosis, it may cause life-threatening hypercalcemia.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] when teriparatide was administered subcutaneously to male and female sprague-dawley (sd) rats daily for 2 years, the incidence of osteosarcoma was increased at 13.6 µg/kg/day.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] the development of osteosarcoma in sd rats depends on the dose level of, and treatment duration with, teriparatide.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] teriparatide is a drug currently approved for treating patients with osteoporosis who are at high risk for future fracture.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] we investigated potential factors associated with teriparatide response in post-menopausal women with established osteoporosis.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] teriparatide is used for the treatment of osteoporosis.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] rat studies using 3-60x the approved human dose have shown an association between teriparatide and an increased risk of osteosarcoma.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] teriparatide has been increasingly utilized in the management of osteoporosis.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] teriparatide can stimulate the trabecular bone formation.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] teriparatide is a bone formation agent that increases bone turnover and mass, resulting in an increase in bone strength and a decrease in fracture risk.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] in the us, teriparatide is indicated for the treatment of patients with osteoporosis who are "at high risk for fracture."

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] teriparatide is a skeletal anabolic treatment for patients with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] taken together, this body of evidence suggests that teriparatide positively affects the hip in patients with osteoporosis.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] as teriparatide is an agent used to treat osteoporosis in patients with fragility fractures, it is unclear whether teriparatide treatment alters bone mineral density (bmd) and bone markers when given to patients with fractures.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] teriparatide (tpd) is a skeletal anabolic agent used in patients with severe post-menopausal osteoporosis (pmo) and steroid-induced osteoporosis who are at hish risk of fracture.

Does the osteoporosis drug teriparatide increase the risk of bone cancer as a side effect? [SEP] teriparatide (recombinant human parathyroid hormone [1-34]) reduces fracture risk in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. |||

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) therapy targets emotionally disturbing visual memories of traumatic life events, and may be deployed as an efficacious treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder.

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) therapy has been widely recognized as an efficacious treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd).

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is an effective treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder.

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] background: eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is an effective psychological treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder.

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is considered highly efficacious for the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder and has proved to be a valid treatment approach with a wide range of applications.

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is a well-established treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder.

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] it has been claimed that the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd) can be ameliorated by eye-movement desensitization-reprocessing therapy (emd-r), a procedure that involves the individual making saccadic eye-movements while imagining the traumatic event.

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is an effective treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder (ptsd).

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is an established treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd).

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] background: eye movement desensitization and reprocessing [emdr] is an innovative, evidence-based and effective psychotherapy for post-traumatic stress disorder [ptsd].

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] background: eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is a psychotherapeutic approach that has demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd) through several randomized controlled trials (rct).

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is an evidence-based treatment for ptsd.

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is a treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder.

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is an effective psychological intervention for posttraumatic stress disorder (ptsd).

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is becoming a recognized and accepted form of psychotherapy for posttraumatic stress disorder (ptsd).

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is an integrative psychotherapy approach that has been consistently evaluated as efficacious in the treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder (ptsd).

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is an effective treatment for ptsd for victims of natural disasters, car accidents or other traumatic events.

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr), a form of psychotherapy for individuals with post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd), has long been a controversial topic, hampered in part by a lack of understanding of the neural mechanisms that contribute to its remedial effect.

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is a psychotherapeutic treatment resolving emotional distress caused by traumatic events.

Can therapy with EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) alleviate the symptoms of people with post-traumatic stress disorder? [SEP] conclusions: emdr therapy could be a useful psychotherapy to treat trauma-associated symptoms in patients with comorbid psychiatric disorders. |||

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] exposure, trauma-focused cognitive therapy and eye-movement desensitisation and re-processing (emdr) are effective treatments for posttraumatic stress disorder (ptsd) producing equivalent outcomes.

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] in this trial, we examine the effectiveness of emdr in reducing ptsd symptoms in patients with sud and ptsd.

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] numerous studies have provided evidence for the efficacy of eye movement desensitization and reprocessing therapy (emdr) in the treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder (ptsd), including recent studies showing it to be more efficient than therapist-directed flooding.

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] conclusions: emdr therapy could be a useful psychotherapy to treat trauma-associated symptoms in patients with comorbid psychiatric disorders.

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] emdr may be more suitable than cbt for ptsd patients with prominent intrusion or arousal symptoms.

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] this study aims to expand the knowledge about the effectiveness of emdr in patients with sud and comorbid ptsd.

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) therapy has been widely recognized as an efficacious treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd).

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) and trauma-focused cognitive-behavioral therapy (cbt) are both widely used in the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd).

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is an evidence-based treatment for ptsd.

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is considered highly efficacious for the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder and has proved to be a valid treatment approach with a wide range of applications.

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] the expected finding of the superiority of emdr in reducing ptsd symptoms compared to non-trauma-focused ptsd treatment may enhance the use of trauma-focused treatment approaches for patients with sud and co-morbid ptsd.

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is an integrative psychotherapy approach that has been consistently evaluated as efficacious in the treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder (ptsd).

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] trauma-focused cbt and emdr tend to be equally efficacious.

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] cumulative meta-analysis confirmed this and a meta-analysis for subscale scores of ptsd symptoms indicated that emdr was better for decreased intrusion and arousal severity compared to cbt.

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] background: eye movement desensitization and reprocessing [emdr] is an innovative, evidence-based and effective psychotherapy for post-traumatic stress disorder [ptsd].

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] background: eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is a psychotherapeutic approach that has demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd) through several randomized controlled trials (rct).

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) therapy is included in many international trauma treatment guidelines and is also shortlisted as an evidence-based practice for the treatment of psychological trauma and post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd).

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) and cognitive-behavioral therapy (cbt) are the most often studied and most effective psychotherapies for ptsd.

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] results: rct are still scarce in these comorbid conditions but the available evidence suggests that emdr therapy improves trauma-associated symptoms and has a minor effect on the primary disorders by reaching partial symptomatic improvement.

Does EMDR work similarly to exposure therapy, another well-studied form of psychotherapy for the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder??? [SEP] the completed controlled ptsd research on eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is placed within the context of other methods used in the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder. |||

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] to assess the ability of a recently developed injectable hydrogel implant to restore nondegenerative disc mechanics through support of np functional mechanics.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] this study evaluates functional restoration of needle puncture injured intervertebral discs with a newly developed injectable hydrogel using the quantitative discomanometry (qd) test.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] these data suggest that high-density collagen gels may be effective at restoring mechanical function of injured discs as well as potential vehicles for the delivery of biological agents such as cells or growth factors that may aid in the repair of the annulus fibrosus.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] in this study, high-density collagen hydrogels at 5, 10, and 15 mg/ml were used to repair defects made to intact rat caudal intervertebral discs in vitro.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] restoration of disc integrity secondary to needle puncture injury can be achieved via the repair with the newly developed gelatin hydrogel incorporated with γ-pga and edc.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] a novel hydrogel has been developed to replace lost nucleus pulposus and potentially restore normal disc biomechanics following herniation and surgery.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] percutaneous intervertebral hydrogel (polyethylene glycol) implantation is a current treatment procedure that aims to restore hydration of a degenerated disc.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] this procedure is reported to be indicated for discogenic low-back pain and mild radicular pain as it contributes to disc restoration.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] the patient had undergone hydrogel implantation for l4-5 intervertebral disc restoration 2 days prior to presentation.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] in conclusion, the implantation of polymer-based constructs after discectomy induces tissue regeneration resulting in improvement of the disc water content.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] hydrogel implantation reduced rom 17% (p < 0.05) compared with discectomy and returned rom to intact levels (rom intact 0.71 mm, discectomy 0.87 mm, postimplantation 0.72 mm).

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] these ivds exhibited a higher degree of staining with safranin-o than the control discs or 1% sodium hyaluronate-injected discs, suggesting that the intradiscal application of cross-linked hyaluronate hydrogel or cross-linked cs hydrogel probably inhibits the degenerative cascade of the ddd.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] to that end we investigated the therapeutic potential of an injectable, triple-interpenetrating-network hydrogel comprised of dextran, chitosan, and teleostean, for functional regeneration of the nucleus pulposus (np) of the intervertebral disc in a series of biomechanical, cytotoxicity, and tissue engineering studies.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] freeze-dried resorbable non-woven polyglycolic acid (pga) - hyaluronan implants were used in a degenerated disc disease (ddd) model in new zealand white rabbits.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] in patients who have increased pain after intervertebral hydrogel implantation and who develop a neurological deficit, the migration of the applied material into the spinal canal should be considered.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] the use of absorbable gel temporarily separating disc remnants, muscle or bone structures from the nerve roots could reduce the amount of scar tissue surrounding the nerve, reduce tethering and therefore pain, improve outcomes and facilitate revision surgery.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] these cross-linked, high-density collagen gels maintained their presence in the defect under loading and contributed positively to the mechanical response of damaged discs.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] although rom for the hydrogel implant group was statistically unchanged compared with the intact disc, rom for sham discs, which received a discectomy and no implant, was significantly increased compared with intact.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] to confirm containment within the disc under physiological loading, toluidine-blue-labeled hydrogel was injected into human cadaveric spine segments after creation of a nucleotomy defect, and the segments were subjected to 10,000 cycles of loading.

Does filling with hydrogel help with chronic back pain caused by a worn disc? [SEP] tissue engineering offers a paradigm shift in the treatment of back pain. |||

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] intra-articular injection of hyaluronic acid can decrease symptoms of osteoarthritis of the knee.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] these results support the clinical effectiveness and safety of hyaluronic acid for up to 12 months for pain relief and function improvement in patients with knee osteoarthritis, confirming previous data on intra-articular administration of hyaluronic acid as chronic therapy in the management of knee osteoarthritis.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] clinical evidence on knee osteoarthritis suggests that intra-articular administration of hyaluronic acid may be useful in the management of patients with persistent pain.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] the intra-articular injection of high molecular weight hyaluronic acid (ha) has been reported to be an effective treatment for pain of osteoarthritis of the knee.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] viscosupplementation with hyaluronic acid (ha) of osteoarthritic (oa) knee joints has a well-established positive effect on clinical symptoms.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] intra-articular hyaluronic acid has been used in treatment of patients with knee osteoarthritis.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] the potential benefit of hyaluronans in alleviating pain associated with osteoarthritis (oa) in joints other than the knee is of increasing interest.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] this meta-analysis confirmed the therapeutic efficacy and safety of intra-articular injection of hyaluronic acid for the treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] to evaluate whether intra-articular hyaluronic acid is efficacious in treating knee oa.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] intraarticular hyaluronan (ha) is used clinically for symptomatic relief in patients with knee osteoarthritis (oa); however, the mechanism of action is unclear.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] based on the results obtained, ha is a useful and well-tolerated symptomatic treatment for knee osteoarthritis with a rapid onset of action.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] among options for symptom control, viscosupplementation with hyaluronic acid (ha) had established usefulness in pain and function improvement of the knee.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] intra-articular injection of hyaluronic acid is a common, yet controversial, therapeutic option for patients with knee osteoarthritis (oa).

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] the aim of this meta-analysis was to elucidate the therapeutic efficacy and safety of intra-articular injection of hyaluronic acid for osteoarthritis of the knee.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] intraarticular (ia) hyaluronan (ha) is reported to provide symptomatic relief in osteoarthritis (oa); however, there is limited information on the effects that this treatment may have on joint articular cartilage or subchondral bone.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] injections of ha preparations into the knee joint are widely used as osteoarthritis therapy.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] intraarticular injection of hyaluronan (hyaluronic acid; ha) is the common way to treat osteoarthritis (oa) of knees.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] intra-articular injections of hyaluronan were administered to ten patients with symptomatic knee osteoarthritis.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] viscosuppplementation with intra-articular hyaluronic acid (hyaluronan [ha]) is a relatively new option for improving pain and articular function in patients with symptomatic knee osteoarthritis.

Does taking hyaluronic acid in capsule form improve the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis? [SEP] compared with lower-molecular-weight hyaluronic acid, the highest-molecular-weight hyaluronic acid may be more efficacious in treating knee oa, but heterogeneity of these studies limits definitive conclusions. |||

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] daily dietary supplementation with chlorella may reduce high blood pressure, lower serum cholesterol levels, accelerate wound healing, and enhance immune functions.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] chlorella is used as a functional food in east asia and has been shown to enhance immune system function.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] furthermore, a combination of chlorella intake and aerobic exercise training significantly further improved these effects compared with aerobic exercise training or chlorella intake alone.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] to find evidence of the potential of chlorella dietary supplements to relieve signs and symptoms, improve quality of life, and normalize body functions in people with chronic illnesses, specifically fibromyalgia, hypertension, and ulcerative colitis.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] the use of chlorella as an immune stimulant to enhance nonspecific host defense mechanisms or as an antimicrobial to inhibit bacterial growth has been reported.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] chlorella, a green microalga, has been used as an important ingredient in food and medicine because of its excellent nutritive and functional properties.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] in some communities, chlorella is a traditional medicinal plant used for the management of inflammation-related diseases.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] chlorella, a unicellular green alga, contains various antioxidants and other nutrients such as amino acids and fiber.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] some studies have reported favorable immune function-related effects on biological secretions such as blood and breast milk in humans who have ingested a chlorella-derived multicomponent supplement.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] the potential of chlorella to relieve symptoms, improve quality of life, and normalize body functions in patients with fibromyalgia, hypertension, or ulcerative colitis suggests that larger, more comprehensive clinical trials of chlorella are warranted.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] chlorella, a unicellular green alga that grows in fresh water, contains high levels of proteins, vitamins, minerals, and dietary fibers.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] much research suggests that a dietary supplement of chlorella pyrenoidosa may be helpful to human health, but the molecular mechanism involved remains unclear.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] thus, the aim of the present study was to clarify the effect of recombinant chlorella supplementation on growth performance, meat quality, and the blood profile, excreta microflora, and nutrient digestibility in broilers.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] chlorella is a type of unicellular green algae that contains various nutrients.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] these results suggest that intake of a chlorella-containing multicomponent supplement can decrease arterial stiffness.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] these results suggest 4-week ingestion of a chlorella-derived multicomponent supplement increases salivary siga secretion and possibly improves mucosal immune function in humans.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] chlorella is a green microalgae enriched with nutrients, vitamins, minerals and chlorophyll.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate whether a combination of chlorella intake and aerobic exercise training would produce greater effects on improving glycemic control in rats with type 2 diabetes.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] subjects consumed 10 g of pure chlorella in tablet form and 100 ml of a liquid containing an extract of chlorella each day for 2 or 3 months.

Does taking chlorella provide better performance, more resilience and does it promote health? [SEP] we investigated the effects of chlorella intake on arterial stiffness using a single-blinded, placebo-controlled crossover study design. |||

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] the large use of finnish sauna in nordic countries and its growing use in other parts of the world make it important to consider the impact of this lifestyle choice on men's fertility.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] sixteen male subjects (20-23 years) were subjected to 10 sauna bathing sessions in a finnish sauna every 1 or 2 days.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] our data demonstrated for the first time that in normozoospermic subjects, sauna exposure induces a significant but reversible impairment of spermatogenesis, including alteration of sperm parameters, mitochondrial function and sperm dna packaging.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] of the rand-36 domains physical function, vitality, social functioning, and general health were significantly better among sauna users than non-users.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] analysis of well-being scores after stratifying respondents into three groups by sauna-bathing frequency (group i: <5 times per month; group ii: 5-15 times per month; group iii: >15 times per month) revealed group ii respondents had slightly higher mental well-being scores (kruskal-wallis testing: h = 6.603 > ꭔ2 of 5.991, p = 0.0368, df = 2 with post hoc analysis using mann-whitney u test: p = 0.016) as compared to respondents who were sauna-bathing less frequently (group i).

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] at the end of sauna exposure, we found a strong impairment of sperm count and motility (p < 0.001), while no significant change in sex hormones was present.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] a statistically significant decrease of total cholesterol and ldl cholesterol was observed during 3 weeks of sauna treatment and in the week afterwards.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] it has been postulated that regular sauna bathing may improve cardiovascular function via improved endothelium-dependent dilatation, reduced arterial stiffness, modulation of the autonomic nervous system, beneficial changes in circulating lipid profiles, and lowering of systemic blood pressure.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] regular sauna bathing was common among octogenarian men and was associated with better hrqol.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] emerging evidence suggests that beyond its use for pleasure, sauna bathing may be linked to several health benefits, which include reduction in the risk of vascular diseases such as high blood pressure, cardiovascular disease, and neurocognitive diseases; nonvascular conditions such as pulmonary diseases; mortality; as well as amelioration of conditions such as arthritis, headache, and flu.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] this cross-sectional study documents that sauna-bathing participants, particularly those from finland, australia and the united states, are motivated to use saunas predominantly for relaxation, reporting health benefits especially around mental well-being and sleep, with relatively few adverse effects.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] peripheral epc numbers exhibited a moderate increase following finnish sauna in a cohort of healthy young men.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] the physiological adaptations to sauna bathing could enhance endurance performance.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] an overview of the postulated biological mechanisms underlying the associations between sauna bathing and its health benefits, areas of outstanding uncertainty, and implications for clinical practice is also provided.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] what are the effects of continuous sauna exposure on seminal parameters, sperm chromatin, sperm apoptosis and expression of genes involved in heat stress and hypoxia?

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] the beneficial effects of sauna bathing on these outcomes have been linked to its effect on circulatory, cardiovascular, and immune functions.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] besides studies in general medicine evaluating the health benefit of sauna, e.g.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] top finnish athletes have discovered this, taking a sauna almost twice a week.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] repeated heat exposure like sauna bathing is suggested to beneficially affect against dementia development.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong men's lives? [SEP] relative to control, sauna bathing increased run time to exhaustion by 32% (90% confidence limits 21-43%), which is equivalent to an enhancement of approximately 1.9% (1.3-2.4%) in an endurance time trial. |||

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] investigate whether a sauna exposure prior to short-term heat acclimation (ha) accelerates phenotypic adaptation in females.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] this study demonstrates that a session of sauna bathing induces an increase in hr.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] of the rand-36 domains physical function, vitality, social functioning, and general health were significantly better among sauna users than non-users.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] emerging evidence suggests that beyond its use for pleasure, sauna bathing may be linked to several health benefits, which include reduction in the risk of vascular diseases such as high blood pressure, cardiovascular disease, and neurocognitive diseases; nonvascular conditions such as pulmonary diseases; mortality; as well as amelioration of conditions such as arthritis, headache, and flu.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] but, for either use, saunas are safe and effective and should be used more frequently to benefit the health of our patients and ourselves.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] analysis of well-being scores after stratifying respondents into three groups by sauna-bathing frequency (group i: <5 times per month; group ii: 5-15 times per month; group iii: >15 times per month) revealed group ii respondents had slightly higher mental well-being scores (kruskal-wallis testing: h = 6.603 > ꭔ2 of 5.991, p = 0.0368, df = 2 with post hoc analysis using mann-whitney u test: p = 0.016) as compared to respondents who were sauna-bathing less frequently (group i).

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] repeated heat exposure like sauna bathing is suggested to beneficially affect against dementia development.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] the beneficial effects of sauna bathing on these outcomes have been linked to its effect on circulatory, cardiovascular, and immune functions.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] the physiologic effect of the sauna in human beings has been studied extensively, but only recently have there been studies to suggest sauna can be an effective therapeutic modality for patients with cardiovascular disease, especially for those with congestive heart failure.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] it has been postulated that regular sauna bathing may improve cardiovascular function via improved endothelium-dependent dilatation, reduced arterial stiffness, modulation of the autonomic nervous system, beneficial changes in circulating lipid profiles, and lowering of systemic blood pressure.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] this cross-sectional study documents that sauna-bathing participants, particularly those from finland, australia and the united states, are motivated to use saunas predominantly for relaxation, reporting health benefits especially around mental well-being and sleep, with relatively few adverse effects.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] an overview of the postulated biological mechanisms underlying the associations between sauna bathing and its health benefits, areas of outstanding uncertainty, and implications for clinical practice is also provided.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] sauna bathing frequency was related to a reduced risk of dementia after adjustment for the potential sociodemographic, lifestyle, and metabolic risk factors of dementia considered.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] twenty healthy, eumenhorreic, female volunteers (19-21 yr old) were exposed to finnish sauna bath seven times every second day.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] those kinds of changes may be good prognoses of ischemic heart disease prevention, but further research on the influence of sauna on fat metabolism is needed.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] sauna-type bathing has increased worldwide, and it has been related to both harmful and beneficial effects.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] sauna bathing is becoming a common activity in many countries and it has been linked to favorable health outcomes.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] time and frequency-domain hrv variables were significantly modified (p < 0.001) by the single sauna session, with most of hrv variables tending to return near to baseline values after 30 min recovery.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] the results are in line with the hypothesis that sauna bathing provides protection against dementia.

Does going to the sauna several times a week prolong women's lives??? [SEP] the present data suggest a protective effect of regular sauna on skin physiology, especially surface ph and stratum corneum water-holding capacity. |||

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] self-tests for hiv may increase awareness of infection among men who have sex with men (msm).

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] to investigate whether offering optional home initiation of hiv care after hiv self-testing might increase demand for art initiation, compared with hiv self-testing accompanied by facility-based services only.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] to evaluate the effect of providing hiv self-tests on frequency of testing, diagnoses of hiv infection, and sexual risk behaviors.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] self-testing for hiv infection may contribute to early diagnosis of hiv, but without necessarily increasing antiretroviral therapy (art) initiation.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] this paper reviews recent research on the acceptability, feasibility, and cost of rapid testing and home-specimen collection for hiv, and suggests that self-testing may be another important strategy for diagnosing hiv infection.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] with approval of an hiv self-test kit in the usa, increasing evidence from public pilot programs in sub-saharan africa showing high acceptability and feasibility, and evidence of the informal sale of rapid hiv test kits in the private sector, options for individuals to access hiv self-testing, as well as consumer-demand, appear to be increasing.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] distribution of hiv self-tests provides a worthwhile mechanism to increase awareness of hiv infection and prevent transmission among msm.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] with better health care and greater access to antiretrovirals (arvs) it has become important to increase the uptake of hiv testing.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] participants who preferred self-testing for hiv were predominantly (p < 0.05) male, white, lived in cities or towns, did not know their hiv status, and had no intention of being tested at a medical facility in future.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] significantly (p = <0.0001) more persons that self-tested positive (39/44, 89%) than persons that self-tested negative (14/36, 39%) sought laboratory-based hiv test within 1 month of last self-testing; and negative than positive self-tested persons were diagnosed with acute hiv infection (44% vs. 9%, p = <0.0001).

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] participants indicated that they would consider testing if self-testing for hiv with telephone counselling becomes readily available in their communities.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] the rapid human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) self-test in the united states has expanded opportunities for hiv testing in nonclinical settings which may increase early diagnosis of hiv infection.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] rapid hiv testing in high-risk populations can increase the number of persons who learn their hiv status and avoid spending clinic resources to locate persons identified as hiv infected.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] availability of over-the-counter rapid hiv tests could improve access to testing those reluctant or unable to use current services.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] hiv self-testing (hivst) is an additional approach to increasing uptake of hiv testing services.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] such increases, particularly among those at risk who may not otherwise test, will likely identify more hiv-positive individuals as compared to standard testing services alone.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] among malawian adults offered hiv self-testing, optional home initiation of care compared with standard hiv care resulted in a significant increase in the proportion of adults initiating art.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] self-testing has the potential to be an innovative component to community-wide hiv-prevention strategies.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] more recently who and unaids have explored self-testing as an option to achieving greater hiv testing coverage to support global treatment targets.

Does the additional offer of HIV self-testing cause more people to take an HIV test? [SEP] self-testing has untapped potential as a strategy to improve access to hiv testing and to increase testing frequency. |||

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] interstital cystitis is often treated with exogenous glycosaminoglycans such as heparin, chondroitin sulphate (uracyst), hyaluronate (cystistat) or the semi-synthetic pentosan polysulphate (elmiron).

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] xilei-san is a traditional chinese herbal medicine that has proven to be of possible use in the treatment of ulcerative proctitis (up) in a pilot study.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] we evaluated the efficacy of topical xilei san in ulcerative proctitis patients.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] the present study aimed to evaluate the gastroprotective effect of the hydroalcoholic extract of red propolis (herp), its mode of action, and the main compounds involved in its activity, therefore contributing to validate the chemical and pharmacological potential of this product.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] this is the first controlled investigation showing significant clinical and endoscopic efficacy for xilei san in patients with intractable ulcerative proctitis.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] pentosan polysulfate sodium (pps), an oral medication indicated for the treatment of interstitial cystitis, has shown moderate benefit in reducing chronic pelvic pain and voiding symptoms in patients with interstitial cystitis.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] previously reported results of a prospective, randomized placebo-controlled study showed that the pollen extract (cernilton) significantly improved total symptoms, pain, and quality of life in patients with inflammatory prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome (cp/cpps) without severe side effects.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] the aim of this study was to compare the cytotoxic, antioxidant and antitumoral activities of an ethanolic extract of egyptian propolis (eep) in vitro with an established chemotherapeutic drug such as doxorubicin (dox), and the effects of their combination against the pc3 human prostate cancer cell line.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] we set out to determine whether specific extracts from u. dioica had the ability to modulate the binding of sex hormone-binding globulin to its receptor on human prostatic membranes.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] some researchers have proposed that propolis could be a potential curative compound against microbial agents such as protozoan parasitic infections by different and occasionally unknown mechanisms due to the immunoregulatory function and antioxidant capacity of this natural product.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] both the pollen extract and eviprostat significantly reduced the symptoms of category iii cp/cpps without any adverse events.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] the phytotherapeutic agent eviprostat, a popular treatment for benign prostatic hyperplasia in japan and germany, has antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activity.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] when taken for 3 months, a combination of natural products (cernitin, saw palmetto, b-sitosterol, vitamin e) compared to placebo can significantly lessen nocturia and frequency and diminish overall symptomatology of bph as indicated by an improvement in the total aua symptom index score.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] eviprostat, which has effective antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities in the prostate, may be useful for the clinical treatment of chronic prostatitis.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] in men with benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph), evidence suggests that the agents improve urologic symptoms and flow measures to a greater extent than placebo and to a similar extent as finasteride.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] extracts of propolis, a natural beehive product, have been known for centuries to have a variety of beneficial medical properties, among which their anti-inflammatory effect is a major one.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] our data contribute to validate the traditional use of propolis for gastric disorders.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] propolis is a natural, resinous hive product that has several pharmacological activities including antimicrobial, antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antitumoral activities.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] eviprostat is an antioxidant, antiinflammatory phytotherapeutic agent widely used to treat lower urinary tract symptoms in bph.

Can the combination of propolis, xyloglucan, gelatin and hibiscus (product "Utipro Plus") relieve the symptoms of cystitis or prevent cystitis? [SEP] xilei san is a herbal preparation with evidence of anti-inflammatory effects. |||

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] our study suggests that pemf therapy has clinically significant effects on pain in patients with oa.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] pulsed electromagnetic field (pemf) therapy is a potentially useful treatment for osteoarthritis (oa), but its effectiveness is still controversial.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] compared with placebo, there was a beneficial effect of pemf therapy on pain, stiffness, and physical function in patients with oa.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] this study aimed to examine the effects of pemf therapy and pemf parameters on symptoms and quality of life (qol) in patients with oa.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] joint replacement provides significant improvements in pain, physical function, and quality of life in patients with osteoarthritis.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] pain, hip flexion rom and physical performance immediately improved after the application of mwm in elderly patients suffering hip oa.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] regular physical activity (pa) can help preserve and improve physical functioning and reduce pain in patients with osteoarthritis.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] mobilization with movement (mwm) has been shown to reduce pain, increase range of motion (rom) and physical function in a range of different musculoskeletal disorders.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] pain relief enables patients to regain their mobility and is therefore a key goal in the management of osteoarthritis (oa).

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] which types of exercise intervention are most effective in relieving pain and improving function in people with lower limb osteoarthritis?

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] preliminary study results suggest that osteopathic manipulative treatment (omt) may reduce pain, improve ambulation, and increase rehabilitation efficiency in patients undergoing knee or hip arthroplasty.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] this report summarises the major mechanisms of pain production in osteoarthritis and discusses the potential use of those exercises commonly used by physical therapists for relieving the pain associated with this disease.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of exercise and its potential determinants for pain, function, performance, and quality of life (qol) in knee and hip osteoarthritis (oa).

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] prolotherapy has been used to treat various musculoskeletal problems and has shown some promise.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] to determine the immediate effects of mwm on pain, rom and functional performance in patients with hip oa.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] exercise significantly reduces pain and improves function, performance and qol in people with knee and hip oa as compared with usual care at 8 weeks.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] muscle strengthening exercises have been shown to improve pain and function in adults with mild-to-moderate knee osteoarthritis, but individual response rates can vary greatly.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] pharmacological treatments for osteoarthritis, such as corticosteroids, produce an immediate reduction of the patient's pain as well as an improvement in the patient's mobility and quality of life, but with a limited long-term efficacy.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] exercise moderately reduces pain in elderly patients with osteoarthritis and has a small effect on reducing self-reported disability.

Does PEMF noticeably improve pain in osteoarthritis? Does the method improve mobility and quality of life in sufferers? [SEP] acupuncture can benefit patients with knee osteoarthritis by providing pain relief, improving joint function and serving as an effective complement to standard care. |||

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] oil pulling can be used as an effective preventive adjunct in maintaining and improving oral health.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] oil pulling in addition to offering several oral health benefits has also beneficial effects on overall health.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] oil pulling, has been extensively used as traditional indian folk remedy since many years to prevent dental diseases and for strengthening teeth and gums.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] oil pulling has been used extensively as a traditional indian folk remedy for many years for strengthening teeth, gums, and the jaw and to prevent decay, oral malodor, bleeding gums, dryness of the throat, and cracked lips.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] oil pulling has been used extensively for many years, without scientific evidence or proof, as a traditional indian folk remedy to prevent teeth decay, oral malodor, bleeding gums, dryness of throat and cracked lips, and for strengthening the teeth, gums, and jaws.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] oil pulling has been used extensively as a traditional indian folk remedy without scientific proof for many years for strengthening teeth, gums and jaws and to prevent decay, oral malodor, bleeding gums and dryness of throat and cracked lips.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] the limited evidence suggests that oil pulling with coconut oil may have a beneficial effect on improving oral health and dental hygiene.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] oil pulling is effective in controlling plaque levels.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] this review aimed to assess the effect of oil pulling with coconut oil in improving oral health and dental hygiene.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] oil pulling therapy has been used extensively as a traditional indian folk remedy for many years for strengthening teeth, gums, and jaws and to prevent decay, oral malodor, bleeding gums and dryness of throat, and cracked lips.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] there are numerous advocates for the practice of oil pulling to prevent common oral diseases.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] oil pulling therapy using so and oso showed a significant improvement in oral hygiene.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] the oil pulling therapy showed a reduction in the plaque index, modified gingival scores, and total colony count of aerobic microorganisms in the plaque of adolescents with plaque-induced gingivitis.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] oil pulling procedure involves swishing of oil in the mouth for various oral health benefits.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] oil pulling with coconut oil could be used as a adjunct to normal preventative regimes to improve oral health and dental hygiene although further studies are needed to determine the level of effectiveness.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] oil pulling is an age-old practice that has gained modern popularity in promoting oral and systemic health.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] oil pulling using coconut oil could be an effective adjuvant procedure in decreasing plaque formation and plaque induced gingivitis.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] oil pulling with sesame oil and sunflower oil was found to reduce plaque related gingivitis.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] the myth that the effect of oil-pulling therapy on oral health was just a placebo effect has been broken and there are clear indications of possible saponification and emulsification process, which enhances its mechanical cleaning action.

Does oil pulling promote dental health? [SEP] 60 age matched adolescent boys and girls in the age-group of 16-18 years with plaque induced gingivitis were included in the study and oil pulling was included in their oral hygiene routine. |||

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] platelet-rich plasma and mesenchymal stem cell therapy offer the potential to modify the natural course of knee osteoarthritis using cell-based technology.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] cell-based therapies have emerged as promising treatments for knee oa.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] mesenchymal stem cells (mscs) are emerging as an attractive option for osteoarthritis (oa) of the knee joint, due to their marked disease-modifying ability and chondrogenic potential.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] we investigated the safety and efficacy of intra-articular injection of placental mesenchymal stem cells (mscs) in knee oa healing.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] currently, cell-based therapy is being explored to address the repair of damaged articular cartilage in the knee joint.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] since mesenchymal stem cells (msc) can on one hand be the source of newly formed cartilage, and on the other hand inhibit inflammation with their immunomodulatory capacities, these cells are, on a theoretical basis, ideal for the treatment of oa.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] conclusion: our data suggest that the intra-articular injection of autologous ad-mscs is a safe and effective therapeutic alternative for the treatment of severe knee oa patients and may have the potential to attenuate progression of the disease.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] objective: the purpose was to examine the current literature regarding the clinical application of adipose-derived mesenchymal stem cells (ad-mscs) for the management of knee oa.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] in the preclinical model of oa, stempeucel® reduced pain significantly and also repaired damaged articular cartilage in rats.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] various treatments are used to alleviate the symptoms of patients with knee osteoarthritis, including analgesics and intra-articular injections.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] it can decrease inflammation and be a replacement for knee surgery.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] this review included studies using cell population containing ad-mscs for the treatment of knee oa.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] therefore, the purpose of this study is to review the characteristics of various type of stem cells in knee oa, especially mscs.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] as a secondary end point, the study tested the ability of these cells to relieve symptoms and restore the knee cartilage in these patients as judged by normalized knee injury and osteoarthritis outcome score (koos) and by magnetic resonance imaging (mri).

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] currently, cell-based therapies involving intra-articular delivery of mscs have emerged as a potential treatment solution.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] bm-mscs given intra-articularly are safe in knee osteoarthrosis.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] intra-articular svf injections can significantly decrease knee oa symptoms and pain for at least 12 months.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] due to the high incidence of oa and its consequences, we decided to study the long-term effect of intraarticular injection of prp and ha on clinical outcome and quality of life of patients with knee oa.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] because of the lack of high-quality evidence and the large degree of heterogeneity, in terms of study designs and measured outcomes, the use of platelet-rich plasma or mesenchymal stem cell therapy to treat knee osteoarthritis cannot be recommended at this time.

Can injecting stem cells into the knee joint relieve pain and limitations associated with osteoarthritis? [SEP] different methods are used to alleviate the symptoms of patients with knee oa, including analgesics, physical therapy, exercise prescription, and intra-articular injections (glucocorticoids, hyaluronic acid [ha], etc). |||

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] is well known as a treatment for liver disease.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] selected food plants can provide nutritional and medicinal support for liver disease.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] it has been used for the treatment of numerous liver disorders characterized by functional impairment or degenerative necrosis.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] in this study, we found that pretreatment with dh extract significantly ameliorated liver injury and suppressed the production of inflammatory cytokines, including tumor necrosis factor (tnf-α) and interferon-γ (ifn-γ) in concanavalin a- (cona-) induced hepatitis (cih).

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] this review article updates the knowledge about the effects of plants consumption on the health of the liver, putting particular emphasis on the potential beneficial and harmful impact of dietary and medicinal plants on liver function.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] the present study scientifically validated the traditional use of l. frutescens for liver disorders.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] the present work explores dh as an effective hepatoprotective medicine to inhibit inflammation and liver injury caused by hepatitis.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] the effects of h. dulcis seeds against alcoholic liver injury were investigated in mice with water extract pretreatment for 7 days followed by alcohol administration.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] extract, a traditional chinese medicine rich in dihydromyricetin (dhm), exhibited a significant hepatoprotective effect against acetaminophen (apap)-induced liver injury.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] it is also used as a food remedy.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] in southern china, polygonum perfoliatum l can contribute to alleviating pathological symptoms of liver disease, such as hepatitis.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] in the absence of reliable liver protective drugs, a large number of natural medicinal preparations are used for the treatment of liver diseases.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] this study evaluated the protective effects of dendropanax morbifera leaf (dml) extracts in the liver due to excessive ethanol consumption.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] these results suggested that dhm alleviated apap-induced liver injury in mice by inhibiting hepatocyte death, promoting p53-related regeneration, and regulating lipid homeostatic imbalance and apap transformation.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] dhm exhibited a protective effect against apap-induced liver injury.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] the extract was also subjected to antioxidant studies (e.g.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] or its purified compounds can serve as detoxifying agents for alcohol poisoning.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] h. dulcis seeds attenuated alcohol-induced oxidative liver injury, showing reduced serum alanine and aspartate aminotransferases, alkaline phosphatase, and triglyceride, elevated hepatic glutathione, increased activities of superoxide dismutase and catalase, and reduced malondialdehyde and hepatic triglyceride.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] alcoholic liver disease (ald) is a worldwide health problem, and natural products have been shown to improve ald due to their antioxidant activities.

Can an extract of Desmodium promote liver health or relieve other ailments? [SEP] traditionally, medical management to liver damage may benefit from phytomedicine, such as chinese herbs. |||

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] among other foods, consumption of apples has been linked to reduced incidence of atopic dermatitis and respiratory allergy.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] apple is a rich source of bioactive phytochemicals that help improve health by preventing and/or curing many disease processes, including cancer.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] several studies suggested that apple polyphenols could play a role in prevention of degenarative diseases.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] consumption of apples has been linked to reduced risk of chronic diseases such as cancer and cardiovascular disease.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] consumption of the apple extract reduced symptoms of food allergy upon challenge.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] understanding innate defence mechanisms would help to develop disease-resistant apple crops.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] betulinic acid existing in various medicinal herbs and fruits exhibits multiple biological effects, especially its outstanding anti-hiv activity, which has drawn the attentions of many pharmacists.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] apples are a major source of dietary phytochemicals such as flavonoids in the western diet.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] apple is among the most consumed fruits worldwide.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] african star apple (chrysophyllum albidum) is a traditonal fruit, which is predominant in tropical regions with the fruit parts consumed by the populace and used in folklore to manage diabetes.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] the anti-herpetic mechanisms of apple pomaces included the inhibition of virus attachment to the cell surface and the arrest of virus entry and uncoating.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] apple extracts have been shown to have the capabilities of inhibiting nf-kappab activation in human breast cancer mcf-7 cells.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] the anti-herpes simplex virus type 1 and anti-herpes simplex virus type 2 effects of apple pomace, a by-product from the cider-processing industry, were investigated.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] apple mosaic virus (apmv), an ilarvirus is one of the most common pathogens of apple worldwide.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] nevertheless, the african star apple pulp coat displayed the highest property in comparison to other parts of the fruit.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] apples are one of the largest contributors of fruit phenolics of all fruits consumed by americans and contain a variety of bioactive compounds, which have health benefits.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] we evaluated the efficacy and mechanisms of a polyphenol-enriched apple extract in reducing symptoms of food allergy.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] the current study examined and compared the inhibitory abilities of african star apple fruit parts on selected key enzymes related to diabetes mellitus in the pancreas tissue of rat.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] polyphenol-enriched apple extract can attenuate food allergy symptoms in sensitized mice via two distinct possible mechanisms.

Does the balsam apple help against infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)? [SEP] acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (aids) is a serious health problem worldwide. |||

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] the natural clay dioctahedral smectite (smecta) increases intestinal barrier function and is effective against infectious diarrhoea in children.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] smectite, a medicinal clay, could offer a complementary intervention to reduce the duration of diarrhoea.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] the natural clay dioctahedral smectite increases intestinal barrier function and is effective against infectious diarrhea in children in developing countries.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] to assess the effects of smectite for treating acute infectious diarrhoea in children.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] the purpose of this work was to investigate the efficacy of smectite in italian children with acute diarrhea of mild to moderate severity.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] diosmectite is a clay used to treat children with acute watery diarrhea.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] dioctahedral smectite (ds) a natural adsorbent clay capable of adsorbing viruses, bacteria, and other intestinal irritants in vitro, is claimed to possess beneficial "antidiarrheal" properties.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] based on low-certainty evidence, smectite used as an adjuvant to rehydration therapy may reduce the duration of diarrhoea in children with acute infectious diarrhoea by a day; may increase cure rate by day 3; and may reduce stool output, but has no effect on hospitalization rates or need for intravenous therapy.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] administration of smectite was associated with significant reduction of the duration of diarrhea, as judged by stool frequency and consistency.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] randomized and quasi-randomized trials comparing smectite to a control group in children aged one month to 18 years old with acute infectious diarrhoea.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] most studies included children with rotavirus infections, and half included breastfed children.smectite may reduce the duration of diarrhoea by approximately a day (md -24.38 hours, 95% ci -30.91 to -17.85; 14 studies; 2209 children; low-certainty evidence); may increase clinical resolution at day 3 (risk ratio (rr) 2.10, 95% ci 1.30 to 3.39; 5 trials; 312 children; low-certainty evidence); and may reduce stool output (md -11.37, 95% ci -21.94 to -0.79; 3 studies; 634 children; low-certainty evidence).we are uncertain whether smectite reduces stool frequency, measured as depositions per day (md -1.33, 95% ci -2.28 to -0.38; 3 studies; 954 children; very low-certainty evidence).

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] smectite reduces the duration of diarrhea and prevents a prolonged course.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] patients in the smectite group had a significantly shorter duration of diarrhea (mean +/- sd, 54 +/- 16 vs. 73 +/- 13 h) and significantly fewer stools (2.6 +/- 0.8 vs. 3 +/- 0.7 on second day; 1.9 +/- 0.7 vs. 2.4 +/- 0.7 on third day; and 11.3 +/- 3.2 vs. 13.8 +/- 3 overall).

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] the purpose of this work was to compare the efficacy and tolerance of lithuanian children's diarrhoea treatment with dioctahedral smectite combined with hypotonic oral rehydration solution (ors)--gastrolit--versus gastrolit alone to establish the influence of smecta on serum electrolyte balance in young children with diarrhoea and mild or moderate dehydration.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] the present review describes the double beneficial effect of using clays for purposes of health and human nutrition: first, their chemical composition, which can enable the release of trace elements; and second, their mineralogical composition, which allows them to be used in the treatment of digestive diseases.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] we assessed the efficacy of a natural clay (smectite) on the frequency and the duration of acid (ph less than 4) and very acid (ph less than 3) gastroesophageal reflux (ger) measured by 24-hour continuous ph recording (cpr).

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] effectiveness of clay against skin problems has been linked to its mineral composition and to microbial activity.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] these results show that diosmectite significantly decreased stool output in children with acute watery diarrhea, especially those who were rotavirus-positive.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] children seen by pediatricians for acute gastroenteritis were treated with oral rehydration solution (ors) alone or ors with smectite.

Does healing clay with the clay mineral smectite help when children have diarrhea? [SEP] smecta significantly reduced the duration of diarrhoea, was safe and well tolerated, and had no impact on the adsorption of electrolytes. |||

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] our findings support the use of rosemary in the management of pain and indicate a therapeutic potential of rosemary essential oil in combination with analgesic drugs.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] in traditional medicine, rosemary was used as mild analgesic, for relieving renal colic pain and dysmenorrhea.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] previously reported results of a prospective, randomized placebo-controlled study showed that the pollen extract (cernilton) significantly improved total symptoms, pain, and quality of life in patients with inflammatory prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome (cp/cpps) without severe side effects.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] to evaluate the effectiveness of a phytotherapeutic intervention comprising a combination of hypericum perforatum (st. john's wort) and vitex agnus-castus (chaste tree/berry) in the management of menopausal symptoms.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] rosmarinus officinalis l., rosemary, is traditionally used to treat headache and improve cardiovascular disease partly due to its vasorelaxant activity, while the vasorelaxant ingredients remain unclear.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] this study examined which of the herbal infusions used in treatment and reduction of symptoms of utis have the greatest efficacy, and at which concentration levels (5.85 mg/ml; 0.59 mg/ml; 0.29 mg/ml).

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] rosmarinus officinalis l. (lamiaceae), popularly known as rosemary, is used for food flavoring and in folk medicine as an antispasmodic, analgesic, antirheumatic, diuretic, and antiepileptic agent.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] this result suggests that rosemary extract may present an anti-implantation effect without interfering with the normal development of the concept after implantation.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] the mechanisms involved in analgesic effects of rosemary essential oil and the potential influence on cytochromes and drug metabolism should be more in-depth investigated.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] extracts of rosemary, rosmarinus officinalis l., have been used in folk medicine as a diuretic, an emenagogue, an antispasmodic and its aqueous extract does not present toxicity to man, presenting, however, abortive effects.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] the herbal combination of h. perforatum and v. agnus-castus was not found to be superior to placebo for the treatment of menopausal symptoms.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] we reviewed the current body of evidence supporting the use of echinacea to reduce uri symptoms and improve qol.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] the aim of our study was to examine analgesic effects of rosemary essential oil and its pharmacodynamic interactions with codeine and paracetamol in mice.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] the results of the experiments carried out using the microtox test show that both in preventative medicine, as well as in aiding treatment of utis, the biggest benefit is brought by herbal infusions of wild thyme extract and birch leaf (at all concentrations), and also by infusions at higher concentrations (approx.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] the effects of reo on leukocyte migration highlight an important mechanism of the anti-inflammatory action of rosemary.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] few studies have shown the anti-inflammatory effects of rosemary essential oil (reo).

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] herbs can be used preventatively, to aid treatment and to ease the symptoms of urinary tract infections (utis).

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] as a result, most rosemary extracts showed dose-dependent increase in vasorelaxant activity and five kinds of ingredients, including carnosol, carnosic acid, epirosmanol methyl ether, carnosol isomer, and augustic acid were screened as vasorelaxant ingredients.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] rosemary essential oil in the dose of 20 mg/kg was shown to be more efficient than in the dose of 10 mg/kg, in combinations with both codeine and paracetamol.

Does a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage, and centaury effectively relieve symptoms of uncomplicated cystitis? [SEP] rosmarinus officinalis l. is a plant used around the world for its properties to cure pain in several conditions, such as arthritic and abdominal pain or as an antispasmodic; however, there are no scientific studies demonstrating its spasmolytic activity. |||

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] the world health organization has recommended herbal medicine for treatment and control of recurrent cystitis.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] to assess whether the orally administered combination of hyaluronic acid (ha), chondroitin sulfate (cs), curcumin and quercetin could be effective in preventing recurrent cystitis in postmenopausal women and whether its efficacy was conditioned by the concurrent use of local estrogen therapy.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] the consumption of eshnan can improve the symptoms of cystitis and prevent the incidence of recurrent cystitis in women of reproductive age.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] this study was conducted to determine effect of eshnan on the prevention of recurrent cystitis.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] this pilot study demonstrates the potential benefit of a combination botanical for improving moderate menopausal symptoms in women.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] in traditional medicine, rosemary was used as mild analgesic, for relieving renal colic pain and dysmenorrhea.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] in postmenopausal women, the combination of ha, cs, curcumin and quercetin per os was effective in preventing recurrent urinary tract infections, especially if administered with vaginal estrogen therapy.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] to evaluate the effectiveness of a phytotherapeutic intervention comprising a combination of hypericum perforatum (st. john's wort) and vitex agnus-castus (chaste tree/berry) in the management of menopausal symptoms.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] in this double-blind randomized, placebo-controlled, multicenter study, 89 peri- or postmenopausal women experiencing climacteric symptoms were treated with st. john's wort and black cohosh extract (gynoplus), jin-yang pharm., seoul, korea) or a matched placebo for 12 weeks.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] our findings support the use of rosemary in the management of pain and indicate a therapeutic potential of rosemary essential oil in combination with analgesic drugs.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] the efficacy and role of combination botanicals for long-term use to reduce menopausal symptoms requires further exploration.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] according to traditional medicine, rosemary (rosmarinus officinalis) has been used in many ailments such as dysmenorrhea, rheumatic pain and stomachache.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] this study was conducted to investigate the efficacy of black cohosh (cimicifuga racemosa) and st. john's wort (hypericum perforatum) in women with climacteric symptoms, and to assess their effects on vaginal atrophy, hormone levels, and lipid profiles.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] consumption of herbal capsules improved chronic constipation in postmenopausal women.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] this article outlines the major known and theoretical drug-herb interactions of herbal medicines thought to be of benefit for menopausal symptoms, as well as discussing the implications for the medical profession.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] the present triple-blind clinical trial was conducted on 126 women (63 women per group) with recurrent cystitis.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] thus, the present study aimed to assess the effectiveness of the combined herbal capsule on chronic constipation in postmenopausal women.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] the spasmolytic effect of cle observed in the present study lends pharmacological support to the traditional use of core licorice in the management, control and treatment of primary dysmenorrhea.

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] the present findings showed that the incidence rate of cystitis and symptoms of cystitis was significantly lower in the eshnan group compared with the placebo group 2, 4, and 6 months after the intervention (p < .05).

Can a herbal combination preparation of rosemary, lovage and centaury prevent recurrent cystitis in women? [SEP] herbal medicine is one of most popular choices of complementary therapies for women, particularly as an alternative treatment for menopausal symptoms. |||

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] clay minerals are efficient against several aggressors that cause major disorders of the gut.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] the present review describes the double beneficial effect of using clays for purposes of health and human nutrition: first, their chemical composition, which can enable the release of trace elements; and second, their mineralogical composition, which allows them to be used in the treatment of digestive diseases.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] this paper pretends to review historical data, basic concepts and functions, as well as benefits and risks of the use of healing clays, in general, for therapeutic and cosmetic purposes, and of edible clays, in particular, for therapeutic purposes.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] recently our attention was drawn to a clinical use of french green clay (rich in fe-smectite) for healing buruli ulcer, a necrotizing fasciitis ('flesh-eating' infection) caused by mycobacterium ulcerans.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] effectiveness of clay against skin problems has been linked to its mineral composition and to microbial activity.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] these beneficial effects of clay minerals (on the gastrointestinal mucosa) are associated with two mechanisms of action: (1) adsorption of the aggressors or their toxic secretions and (2) modification of the thickness and rheological properties of the adherent mucus, reinforcing the natural defenses of the gastrointestinal mucosa.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] the highly adsorptive properties of many clays may contribute to healing a variety of ailments, although they are not antibacterial.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] natural clays have been used to heal skin infections since the earliest recorded history.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] clay therapy for skin disease treatment is an ancient practice popular worldwide as a cheap alternative to pharmaceutical products.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] these clays and others like them are interesting as they may reveal an antibacterial mechanism that could provide an inexpensive treatment for this and other skin infections, especially in global areas with limited hospitals and medical resources.microbiological testing of two french green clays, and other clays used traditionally for healing, identified three samples that were effective at killing a broad-spectrum of human pathogens.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] thus, clay consumption appeared beneficial in that it either protected the rats from illness or enhanced recovery and might prove useful as an adjunct therapy for other animals, including humans, experiencing visceral malaise.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] clay is often used in cosmetic treatments, although little is known about its action.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] healing clays have been traditionally used by man for therapeutic, nutritional and skin care purposes, but they could impart some important health and skin care risks.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] from old times, the human kind has used clays, externally or internally, for maintaining body health or treating some diseases.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] clay application promotes an increase in the number of collagen fibres, which may account for its beneficial effects.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] although some of the effects of clay ingestion by humans and animals, such as gastrointestinal wellness and the increase in food efficiency are well known, the underlying mechanisms are not yet fully understood.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] to investigate whether consuming clay confers an advantage to the sick animal, we compared the recovery from illness of adult male rats with or without access to kaolin.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] seven days after clay treatment, an increase in the number of collagen fibres was observed in treated skin compared with control skin (51.74 ± 1.28 vs. 43.39 ± 1.79%, respectively, p < 0.01), whereas ra did not alter the collagen level (45.66 ± 1.10%).

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] edible clays, a particular case of healing clays, have been traditionally used by man for nutritional and therapeutic purposes.

Can healing clay help with gastritis? [SEP] clay application over 14 days did not induce a further increase in skin collagen, whereas treatment with ra did (58.07 ± 1.59%; p = 0.001 vs. control). |||

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] chyawanprash is an ayurvedic formulation which is used traditionally to increase vitality, vigor and for delaying the aging process.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] chyawanprash may be looked upon as a useful memory enhancer in aged animals by virtue of its antioxidant effect, pro-cholinergic action, improved learning ability, and increased retention capacity.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] chyawanprash is an ayurvedic formulation used in indian traditional medicinal system for its beneficial effect on human health.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] the present study sought to explore the beneficial effects of chyawanprash on cognitive function of aged mice.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] chyawanprash (cp) is an ayurvedic health supplement which is made up of a super-concentrated blend of nutrient-rich herbs and minerals.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] the administration of chyawanprash (1 and 2% w/w) for 15 consecutive days significantly improved the memory of aged mice when compared to young mice.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] chyawanprash is an ancient indian dietary supplement containing vitamin c (34 mg/100 g) derived from amla (emblica officinalis).

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] 'chyavanprash' is one of the oldest and most popular ayurvedic preparations, used widely as a health promotive and disease preventive 'rasayana' drug in india and elsewhere.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] in the present study, chyawanprash (chy) was administered orally in two concentrations (1 and 2% w/w of the diet) for 15 successive days to 17 different groups of young (8 groups) and aged (9 groups) mice.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] we investigated the immunostimulatory effects of chyawanprash (chy) using in vitro assays evaluating the secretion of cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha (tnf-α), interleukin-1beta (il-1β) and macrophage inflammatory protein-1-alpha (mip-1-α) from murine bone marrow derived dendritic cells (dc) which play pivotal role in immunostimulation.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] in addition, chyawanprash also contains several other herbal products.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] chyawanprash (chy) is an ayurvedic formulation commonly consumed in indian households.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] chyawanprash reduces postprandial glycemia in the oral glucose tolerance test and reduces blood cholesterol level to a significantly greater extent than vitamin c.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] formulations from the traditional indian medicine, ayurveda, have long been considered to have potent life-style enhancing effects, possibly by their effect(s) on key life-history attributes.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] chyawanprash is formulated by processing around 50 medicinal herbs and their extracts, including the prime ingredient, amla (indian gooseberry), which is the world's richest source of vitamin c. chyawanprash preparation involves preparing a decoction of herbs, followed by dried extract preparation, subsequent mixture with honey, and addition of aromatic herb powders (namely clove, cardamom, and cinnamon) as standard.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] the present study was designed to compare the effects of vitamin c with those of chyawanprash.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] spices generally used to increase the taste and flavor of food also has the history of usage as an ayurvedic medicine.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] this review focuses on the chemical and pharmacological activities of a culinary ingredient p. chaba based on information extracted from the literature to highlight its use in traditional medicine.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] furthermore, there was a significant decrease in brain tbars and increase in gsh levels of aged animals after chyawanprash administration, thereby indicating decreased free radical generation and increased scavenging of free radicals respectively.

Does the Indian spice paste Chyawanprash have a positive effect on adult health? [SEP] the present study was undertaken to explore the beneficial effects of chy (at the dose of 1 and 2% w/w of diet) administered daily for 15 successive days in mice with memory deficits. |||

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] these findings suggested that the ginger may be a promising candidate for the treatment of breast carcinomas.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] ginger treatment suppressed the proliferation and colony formation in breast cancer cell lines, mcf-7 and mda-mb-231.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] the present study aimed to examine the antiproliferative potentiality of an extract derived from the medicinal plant ginger (zingiber officinale) on growth of breast cancer cells.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] these in vitro results suggest that certain herbs and phytoestrogens may have potential in the prevention of breast cancer.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] epidemiologic studies have suggested that consumption of phytoestrogen-rich foods may protect against breast cancer, and phytoestrogens such as genistein have been reported to both inhibit and stimulate the growth of some human breast cancer cells.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] ginger treatment downregulated expression of prosurvival genes, such as nf-κb, bcl-x, mcl-1, and survivin, and cell cycle-regulating proteins, including cyclin d1 and cyclin-dependent kinase-4 (cdk-4).

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] two dietary polyphenols that have received attention from the health and research communities for their ability to protect against breast cancer are: genistein, a component of soy; and resveratrol, a phytoalexin found in red grapes and red wine.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] genistein has been proposed to be responsible for lowering the rate of breast cancer in asian women but the mechanism for this chemopreventive effect in vivo is unknown.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] we conclude that genistein and resveratrol can protect against breast cancer by regulating important mammary growth and differentiation pathways.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] high consumption of phytoestrogen-rich food correlates with reduced incidence of breast cancer.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] ginger (zingiber officinale) is the mainly widespread spice and herbal remedies used in the world.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] genistein is thought to be one of the possible factors for decreasing the incidence of breast cancer in asian peoples who take soy-rich diets.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] we and others have shown that both genistein and resveratrol can protect against mammary cancer in rodents.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] since antique periods, ginger has been used in greece, india and china for the curing of upset stomach, nausea, diarrhea, colds, and headaches.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] genistein, a natural isoflavonoid found in soybean products, has been proposed to be associated with a lower rate of breast cancer in asian women.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] dietary genistein, a natural flavone compound found in soy, has been proposed to be responsible for the low rate of breast cancer in asian women.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] genistein, a natural flavone compound, has been proposed to be responsible for the lower rate of breast cancer in asian women.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] however, some experimental data suggest that genistein can stimulate breast cancer development via its estrogenic activities.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] genistein is thought to contribute to the putative breast cancer preventive activity of soya.

Does ginger work against breast cancer? [SEP] the association between consumption of genistein-containing soybean products and lower risk of breast cancer suggests a cancer chemopreventive role for genistein. |||

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] mind-body therapies are beneficial for several diseases (e.g.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] previous studies on healing by gentle touch in clients with various illnesses indicated substantial improvements in psychological well-being, suggesting that this form of treatment might be helpful for people with impaired quality of mental health.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] many so-called "alternative medicine" techniques such as reiki and acupuncture produce very good outcomes for intractable pain and other chronic illnesses but the efficacy is often dismissed as being psychosomatic.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] healing touch and its predecessor, therapeutic touch, effectively and holistically improve physiologic and psychologic complaints, health perception, and well-being.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of healing by gentle touch in subjects with self-reported impairments in their psychological well-being or mental health.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] acupuncture can help to relieve the pain and discomfort associated with these conditions, because it can rebalance the energy (qi) circulating in the meridians.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] this open study provides strong circumstantial evidence that healing by gentle touch is safe and effective in improving psychological well-being in participants with self-reported psychological problems, and also that it safely complements standard medical treatment.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] healing is understood as the recovery of an integrated relationship between the self and its body, others, and the surrounding world-the relationship that illness has rendered problematic.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] healing touch has potential as a complementary therapeutic option for trauma recovery.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] it has also been used to treat various diseases without inflicting mental trauma or the pain of surgery.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] they can be used by themselves to promote physical and emotional health or with conventional medical care to restore health.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] massage, neuromuscular therapy, trager, and bowen work reduce stress, relieve pain, rebalance the body, and restore a sense of general well-being.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] therefore, we examined whether meditative movements (tai chi, qigong, and yoga) are effective for treating mdd.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] for the ill person this can serve to reestablish human connection and facilitate healing changes at the prelinguistic level.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] practitioners enter a meditative state and pass their hands above the patient's body to find and correct any imbalances in the patient's 'life energy' or chi.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] practitioners enter a meditative state and pass their hands above the patient's body to find and correct any imbalances in the patient's 'life energy' or chi.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] practitioners enter a meditative state and pass their hands above the patient's body to find and correct any imbalances in the patient's 'life energy' or chi.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] practitioners enter a meditative state and pass their hands above the patient's body to find and correct any imbalances in the patient's 'life energy' or chi.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] practitioners enter a meditative state and pass their hands above the patient's body to find and correct any imbalances in the patient's 'life energy' or chi.

Can Theta Healing help with physical ailments and mental problems? [SEP] massage, an ancient chinese healing art, is widely practiced for symptom relief in hypertensive patients with anxiety, depression, headache, vertigo, chronic pain in neck, shoulder and back. |||

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] studies in animal model evidenced that bacopa treatment can attenuate dementia and enhances memory.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] bacosides enriched standardized extract of bacopa monnieri is being marketed as a memory enhancing agent.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] in the present study, we hypothesized that bacopa monnieri extract (bme) can improve memory via increased cell proliferation and neuroblast differentiation in the dentate gyrus.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] bacopa monniera extract (cdri-08; bme) has been known to improve learning and memory, and understanding the molecular mechanisms may help to know its specificity.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] statistically significant improvement was seen in the tests relating to the cognitive functions with use of bacopa monnieri.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] bacosides, the effective component of standardised leaf extract of bacopa monniera (beseb cdri-08) has been reported to have memory enhancing effect.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] pathway analysis using the ingenuity platform suggested that bacopa may protect against brain damage and improve brain development.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] bacopa is also called as a natural antioxidant which may give details its neuroprotective role seen in the memory centers of the brain.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] recently, chemically standardized alcoholic extract of bacopa monniera (bm) has been developed and currently available as over the counter herbal remedy for memory enhancement in children and adults.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] bacopa monnieri is a medicinal plant with a long history of use in ayurveda, especially in the treatment of poor memory and cognitive deficits.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] bacopa monniera (bm), a traditional ayurvedic medicine, used for centuries as a memory enhancing, anti-inflammatory, analgesic, antipyretic, sedative and antiepileptic agent.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] bacopa monnieri has been used in ayurvedic medicine as a memory enhancer for a long time; however, its direct effect on synaptic plasticity has not been investigated.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of bacopa monnieri on memory of medical students with six weeks' administration.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] bacopa monnieri commonly known as brahmi is utilized in ayurveda to improve memory and many other human health benefits.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] hence this study was planned to evaluate the effect of bacopa monnieri on memory of medical students for six weeks.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] over the last 50 years, laboratories around the world analyzed the pharmacological effect of bacopa monniera extract in different dimensions, especially as a nerve tonic and memory enhancer.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] standardized extracts of bacopa monniera (bme) have been shown to exert a neuroprotective effect against mental diseases, such as depression, anxiety and alzheimer's disease (ad), in chronic administration studies.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] the standardized extract of bacopa monniera (bm) is a complex mixture of ingredients with a uniquely wide spectrum of neuropharmacological influences upon the central nervous system including enhanced learning and memory with known antioxidant potential and protection of the brain from oxidative damage.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] to study the efficacy of standardized bacopa monniera extract (sbme) in subjects with age-associated memory impairment (aami) without any evidence of dementia or psychiatric disorder.

Does taking Bacopa extract improve memory performance? [SEP] as benzodiazepines are known to produce amnesia by involvement of the gabaergic system, we examined bacopa monniera, an herb known for memory enhancement for reversal of memory deficits caused by diazepam. |||

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] observed results suggest that the underutilized fruit choerospondias axillaris can be used to reduce the inflammation of inflammatory diseases like ra.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] (combretaceae) fruit is mentioned in ayurveda as useful in treating arthritic disorders.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] scientific evidence revealed that traditional medicaments exert beneficial effects on ra through several cellular mechanisms including downregulation of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as tnf-α, il-6 and nf-κb, suppression of oxidative stress, inhibition of cartilage degradation with destructive metalloproteinases and enhancement of antioxidant performance.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] as various medicinal plants are traditionally used for the management of symptomatologies associated with ra in persian medicine, we reviewed medicinal literature to confirm their efficacy in the management of ra.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] since the main characteristics of rheumatoid arthritis (ra) are joint dysfunction caused by inflammation and serious pain, anti-inflammatory agents may alleviate the clinical symptoms in ra.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] in order to overcome the side effects of currently used anti-inflammatory drugs, several attempts have been made to identify natural products capable of relieving ra symptoms.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] rosa centifolia l. (rosaceae) have been used for the treatment of joint pain and rheumatoid arthritis (ra) in the traditional system of medicine.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] these promising findings support the traditional use of t. chebula fruits in the treatment of arthritic disorders and suggest that radical quenching may be one of the mechanisms for its anti-inflammatory activity.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] the present study has been conducted to explore the anti-inflammatory effects of choerospondias axillaris fruit extract on synoviocytes (fls) and collagen-induced arthritis (cia) rat model.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] the result of study demonstrates the antiarthritic activity of r. centifolia and validates its traditional use for the treatment of ra.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] (rm) has been used in oriental traditional medicines as remedies for scabies, rheumatic arthralgia and stomatitis which were practicably related with today's inflammatory and allergic diseases.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] acupuncture is an emerging alternative therapy for rheumatoid arthritis; however, the molecular mechanism underlying the beneficial effect of acupuncture has not been elucidated.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] several natural substances have been shown to be effective at relieving the symptoms of osteoarthritis (oa), and preliminary evidence suggests that some of these compounds may exert a favorable influence on the course of the disease.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] several natural substances have been shown to be effective as non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs at relieving the symptoms of osteoarthritis (oa), and preliminary evidence suggests that some of these compounds may exert a favourable influence on the course of the disease.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] generally drugs that are used for arthritis have antinociceptive and antiinflammatory properties.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] this study aimed to determine the beneficial effects of pomegranate extract (pomx) in ra patients.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] thus, rme, contains lots of condensed tannins such as rm-3 which possesses potent anti-inflammtory and immune-modulatory effects, may be useful for treatment of skin allergies and can be developed as new alternative herbal therapy against ad.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] the anti-inflammatory and antiarthritic activity of r. centifolia alcoholic extract (rcae: 32, 64, and 128 mg/kg) was evaluated using the carrageenan-induced paw edema and complete freund's adjuvant (cfa) induced arthritis model.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] clinically, some traditional chinese herbal medicines have been thought to be effective in treating rheumatic diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus.

Do remedies containing the trifoliate fruit alleviate the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism")? [SEP] the pharmacological mechanisms of the medicinal plants traditionally used for ra in persian medicine are discussed in the current review. |||

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] thymic peptides play an important role in aging and immune regulation, but little is known about their relationship to psychosocial factors.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] small-scale t intervention trials in elderly men with and without dementia suggest that some cognitive deficits may be reversed, at least in part, by short term t supplementation.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] our study supports the importance of thyroid functionality in cognitive functioning in a group of women after menopause.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] thyroid activity plays a role in cognition.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] the restoration of the thymic functions and the thymic re-growth may be achieved in old mice by some endocrinological (melatonin) or nutritional interventions (arginine or zinc), suggesting that the thymic involution in old age is a phenomenon secondary to age-related alterations occurring in neuroendocrine-thymus interactions.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] clinical trials have revealed the effectiveness of this thymic derivative in the prevention of recurrent respiratory infections (rri) in children and in adults; 11 patients (8 males and 3 females; age range 18-76 years) with chronic bronchitis dominated by recurrent respiratory infections were studied.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] by regenerating the thymus, it may therefore be possible to improve the ability of the aged immune system to respond to novel antigens.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] thymic involution is central to the decline in immune system function that occurs with age.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] these findings suggest that zinc, via mt buffering, can be a single mediator in modulating neuroendocrine-thymus interaction in ageing.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] consequently, there is a real clinical need for strategies that can boost thymic function and enhance t cell immunity.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] the lifespan of thymic-derived or t lymphocytes is of particular interest because of their central role in immunological memory.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] effects of tai chi (tc) on specific cognitive function and mechanisms by which tc may improve cognition in older adults with amnestic mild cognitive impairment (a-mci) remain unknown.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] tc training significantly improved memory and the mental switching component of executive function in older adults with a-mci, possibly via an upregulation of bdnf.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] an association could be expected, as changes in the thyroid gland have been linked to alterations in frontal brain regions that play a key role in prospective remembering.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] therefore, the beneficial effect of melatonin or arginine on neuroendocrine-thymus interaction in ageing can also occur via a better zinc pool redistribution within the body where the capability of the zinc-binding proteins metallothioneins (mt) in zinc release has a key role.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] even among persons free from thyroid disorders, subclinical variations in thyroid functioning may affect cognitive performance.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] in addition, castration has not necessarily shown a decline in cognitive functions; some studies even found improvement of memory recall.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] in this review, we will highlight recent work that has revealed the mechanisms by which the thymus is capable of repairing itself and how this knowledge is being used to develop novel therapies to boost immune function.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] collectively, our data establish that upregulation of a single transcription factor can substantially reverse age-related thymic involution, identifying foxn1 as a specific target for improving thymus function and, thus, immune competence in patients.

Does thyme strengthen memory or prevent mental decline? [SEP] it has often been speculated that if this age-associated atrophy of the thymus gland could be prevented, the natural decline that occurs in a number of t-cell-mediated immune responses could be reversed. |||

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] the hypothesis was that the high dietary fiber and alpha-linolenic (ala) contents of chia seed would induce a small but significant decrease in body weight and fat and improve disease risk factors.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] of the chia seed interventions, one study showed a significant drop in systolic blood pressure (sbp) and inflammatory markers, yet there was no change in body mass, lipid profile or blood sugar.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] consumption of chia for 12 weeks promotes significant but discrete reduction in weight and waist circumference, and enhances lipid profile dependent of initial values.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] chia (salvia hispanica l.) has an elevated concentration of dietary fiber, it has been used to weight loss and enhance blood glucose and lipid profile.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] the objective of this study was to assess the effectiveness of chia seed (salvia hispanica l) in promoting weight loss and altering disease risk factors in overweight adults.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] to evaluate the effect of chia supplementation in body composition, lipid profile and blood glucose in overweight or obese individuals.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] only one study showed a significant drop in triglycerides (tg), body mass and inflammatory markers; however, the chia seed in that case was mixed with other foods.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] chitosan has been shown to decrease serum cholesterol in animal and human studies.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] it was observed a reduction in total cholesterol (p=0.04) and vldl-c (p=0.03), and an increase in hdl-c (p=0.01) but only in the groups that ingested chia flour and presented abnormal initial values.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] chitosan significantly (f=3.19, p=0.04) reduced total cholesterol compared to placebo.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] in a subgroup of subjects with over 60 y of age, chitosan group significantly reduced total and ldl cholesterol (f=4.21, p=0.02, and f=3.46, p=0.04, respectively) compared with placebo.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] chia induced significant intragroup reduction in body weight (-1.1±0.4 kg; p<0.05), with a greater reduction among obese than overweighed individuals (-1.6±0.4 kg; p<0.00), but without difference when compared to pla.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] the evidence regarding the relationship between chia seed consumption and cardiovascular risk factors are insufficient, and the studies included in this review present numerous limitations.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] this study investigated the effectiveness of chitosan in reducing serum cholesterol without concomitant diet therapy.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] taken together, our data demonstrate that both extraction methods from chia seeds result in oils that are rich in mono and polyunsaturated fatty acids, which may modulate lipid accumulation and provide antioxidant resistance in c. elegans.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] our results demonstrate that chitosan is safe and effective for lowering cholesterol.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] in this work, we studied the effects of chitosan on plasma and liver cholesterol levels, liver weight, and the key regulatory enzyme of cholesterogenesis 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme-a (hmg-coa) reductase in rats fed a sterol diet containing 1% cholesterol and 0.2% cholic acid.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] to systematize the findings of studies assessing the effect the consumption of chia seed, either milled or whole, has in the prevention/control of cardiovascular risk factors in humans.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] chia is a seed rich in such nutrients as proteins, n-3 fatty acids and especially alpha-linolenic acid (ala), minerals, fibers and antioxidants.

Does regular consumption of chia seeds reduce body weight, blood sugar levels or cholesterol? [SEP] the levels of total cholesterol and triglycerides decreased significantly in the tissues of the animals of the experimental group which received coriander seeds. |||

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] the addition of a 30-minute topical application of a heating pad or cold pack to ibuprofen therapy for the treatment of acute neck or back strain results in a mild yet similar improvement in the pain severity.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] the objective of this study was to compare the analgesic efficacy of heat and cold in relieving pain from back and neck strains.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] anecdotal reports suggest that application of a cool device to the back of the neck at the onset of a hot flush can afford symptomatic relief.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] the purpose of the present study was to examine the effect of local heat applied to trigger points and to determine if there was pain relief in the neck and plantar fascia.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] the effect of local heat on trigger points of the body on pain relief was significantly better in the heat groups than in the sham groups.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] application of heat using a hot water bottle caused a significant increase in pain sensation and enhancement of bf and scl responses.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] subjective pain significantly decreased in both sham and heat group patients with neck pain (p< 0.05), however, the change was greater in the heat group and there was a significant difference between the heat and sham groups (p= 0.002, d= 0.81).

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] for years, heat has been used for comfort and analgesia is recommended as a first-line therapy in many clinical guidelines.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] heating the skin and muscles is a commonly accepted method of pain relief and a modality to increase relaxation in muscles and increase tissue blood flow.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] pain relief during the intervention was also significantly different between the heat and sham group in both patients with neck and plantar pain.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] nanotechnology may be used for the treatment of neck pain by fixing to the skin small rounds silicone patches containing double spiral carbon nanotubes arranged in the form of a coil (helical), which would then relieve dizziness caused by muscular contraction.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] these results suggest that application of cold promotes relief of pricking pain sensation and suppression of autonomic responses, and that application of heat has no such effect.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] heat cells were applied at trigger points on the pain area.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] yet, there are questions that remain about the actual effectiveness of heat for a condition as common as chronic low back pain, and factors such as time of onset, optimal temperature, and duration of effect.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] in addition to administering analgesics, these strains are often treated with either heat or cold packs.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] these findings suggest that application of the hsg sheet to the neck region induced mental relaxation and ameliorated neck stiffness by modifying activity of the admpfc.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] high-level pulsed heat (45°c) produced significantly more analgesia as compared to steady heat at 37°c at the primary end point and for an additional 2 hours after treatment.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] pressure pain threshold significantly decreased in the heat group patients both with neck and plantar pain but for the sham group there was an increase in the pressure after sham treatment.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] it was found that both hot and cold application resulted in a mild improvement in pain, functional status and quality of life, but this improvement was not sufficient to create a significant difference between the groups.

Do heat patches that heat themselves or heat pads help with pain in the neck? [SEP] a randomized double-blinded controlled trial was designed to compare the analgesic response to heat delivered via pulses at 45°c (experimental group, n=49) to steady heat at 37°c (control group, n=51) in subjects with longstanding low back pain. |||

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] capsaicin decreased sensitivity to pain produced by sharp mechanical stimuli and nearly eliminated heat-evoked pain within the injected area.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] repeated topical capsaicin resulted in reduced sensation to mechanical, heat and cold pain without changing non-painful tactile sensation.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] as a topical agent, capsaicin reportedly blocks pain without otherwise impairing sensation.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] although capsaicin is clinically used as an external analgesic for temporary relief of neuralgia, it has also been widely used as a research tool to study peripheral pain.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] we found that topical capsaicin selectively impairs heat sensitivity without any concomitant changes in cold sensitivity.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] consequently, capsaicin has been recommended as a treatment for a variety of painful syndromes.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] with the exception of a potential toxicity, capsaicin may be a potential candidate agent for providing pain relief of both neuropathic and nociceptive conditions.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] topical creams with capsaicin are used to treat pain from a wide range of chronic conditions including neuropathic pain.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] topical creams with capsaicin are used to treat pain from a wide range of chronic conditions including neuropathic pain.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] topical capsaicin (trans-b-methyl-n-vanillyl-noneamide) has been successful for pain relief in postherpetic neuralgia, arthritis, and diabetic neuropathy.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] to review the evidence from controlled trials on the efficacy and tolerability of topically applied capsaicin in chronic neuropathic pain in adults.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] topical capsaicin has been introduced in the u.s. and canada as a cream indicated for temporary relief of neuralgia following episodes of herpes zoster infections and in the treatment of diabetic neuropathy.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] capsaicin, when repeatedly applied to the nasal mucosa of cluster headache patients, has been shown to prevent the occurrence of pain attacks.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] localized neuropathic pain can be relieved following the topical application of high-concentration capsaicin.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] for this reason, application of capsaicin to the skin has been used for a variety of painful syndromes.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] capsaicin, either as repeated application of a low dose (0.075%) cream, or a single application of a high dose (8%) patch may provide a degree of pain relief to some patients with painful neuropathic conditions.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] capsaicin also significantly increased the pain threshold in rabbits when compared with the control group (p < 0.05 or p < 0.01).

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] capsaicin and other naturally occurring pungent molecules have been used for centuries as topical analgesics and rubefactants to treat a variety of chronically painful conditions.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] capsaicin resulted in reduced sensitivity to all cutaneous stimuli, particularly to noxious heat and mechanical stimuli.

Do heat patches containing capsaicin help with neck pain??? [SEP] the volar forearm was treated with a high-concentration capsaicin patch for 1 h. transient heat, warm and cold stimuli designed to activate aδ- and c-fiber thermonociceptors, c-fiber warm receptors, and aδ-fiber cold receptors were applied to the skin before and after treatment at days 1, 3, and 7. |||

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] one trial of 90 participants with acute low-back pain found that a heated blanket significantly decreased acute low-back pain immediately after application (wmd -32.20, 95%ci -38.69 to -25.71, scale range 0 to 100).

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] to assess the effects of superficial heat and cold therapy for low-back pain in adults.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] in two trials of 258 participants with a mix of acute and sub-acute low-back pain, heat wrap therapy significantly reduced pain after five days (weighted mean difference (wmd) 1.06, 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.68 to 1.45, scale range 0 to 5) compared to oral placebo.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] the combination of heat and transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation does not reduce pain scores in patients with chronic low back pain.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] there is moderate evidence in a small number of trials that heat wrap therapy provides a small short-term reduction in pain and disability in a population with a mix of acute and sub-acute low-back pain, and that the addition of exercise further reduces pain and improves function.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] heat and cold are commonly utilised in the treatment of low-back pain by both health care professionals and people with low-back pain.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] the aim of this study is to evaluate the effects of heat and transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation combined on pain relief in participants with chronic low back pain.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] yet, there are questions that remain about the actual effectiveness of heat for a condition as common as chronic low back pain, and factors such as time of onset, optimal temperature, and duration of effect.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] it has been reported that local thermal therapy with a hot pack or paraffin relieves pain.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] one trial of 100 participants with a mix of acute and sub-acute low-back pain examined the additional effects of adding exercise to heat wrap, and found that it reduced pain after seven days.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] fifty participants with chronic (≥3 months) low back pain were randomly assigned to two groups: heattens (n=25) and control group (n=25).

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] the results of this trial provide insight into the mechanisms and properties of thermal analgesia that are not well understood in a chronic low back pain model.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] a randomized double-blinded controlled trial was designed to compare the analgesic response to heat delivered via pulses at 45°c (experimental group, n=49) to steady heat at 37°c (control group, n=51) in subjects with longstanding low back pain.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] we included randomised controlled trials and non-randomised controlled trials that examined superficial heat or cold therapies in people with low-back pain.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] resources of heat or cold therapies have been widely used for their low cost, analgesic action and for assisting the rehabilitation of acute or chronic injuries.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] for years, heat has been used for comfort and analgesia is recommended as a first-line therapy in many clinical guidelines.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] this article attempts to present a comprehensive description of minimally invasive techniques, specifically heat treatments, for lumbar disc disease.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] the evidence base to support the common practice of superficial heat and cold for low back pain is limited and there is a need for future higher-quality randomised controlled trials.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] these results suggest that a combination of multidisciplinary treatment and repeated thermal therapy may be a promising method for treatment of chronic pain.

Do heat patches help with lower back pain? [SEP] it was found that both hot and cold application resulted in a mild improvement in pain, functional status and quality of life, but this improvement was not sufficient to create a significant difference between the groups. |||

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] ginger has been shown to exert anti-inflammatory effects in rodents, but its effect on human muscle pain is uncertain.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] this present study was to validate the effect of ginger on visceral pain, and to further explore the possible underlying mechanism by which ginger is used to relieve ibs-d intestinal hypersensitivity.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] this study demonstrates that daily consumption of raw and heat-treated ginger resulted in moderate-to-large reductions in muscle pain following exercise-induced muscle injury.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] our results showed that ginger extract elicited a significant antinociceptive effect.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] there is limited evidence that ginger ( shēng jiāng) powder consumption can relieve pain and inflammation because of its special phytochemical properties.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] is there evidence that ginger is safe to use during pregnancy?

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] we examined the effect of ginger root extract on nociceptive threshold and morphine-induced analgesia in male wistar rats.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] thus, the data indicate that ginger extract has a beneficial influence on morphine analgesia and can be an efficacious adjunct for pain management.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] our findings agree with those showing hypoalgesic effects of ginger in osteoarthritis patients and further demonstrate ginger's effectiveness as a pain reliever.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] histopathological analysis showed that ginger treatment can significantly reduce colonic edema and promote the recovery of inflammation in ibs-d rats, and the effect is equivalent to rifaximin.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] ginger or ginger extracts have been used in traditional medicine relieve pain caused by diarrhea predominant irritable bowel syndrome (ibs-d), but few data exists about its effectiveness.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] medicinal properties of ginger, including the alleviation of nausea, arthritis and pain, have been associated with the gingerols.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] daily supplementation with ginger reduced muscle pain caused by eccentric exercise, and this effect was not enhanced by heat treating the ginger.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to examine the effects of 11 days of raw (study 1) and heat-treated (study 2) ginger supplementation on muscle pain.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] the purpose of the present study is to evaluate the potential role of ginger extract [ge] in modulating the extent and severity of ulcerative colitis (uc), a chronically recurrent inflammatory bowel disease of unknown origin.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] results raw (25%, -.78 sd, p = .041) and heat-treated (23%, -.57 sd, p = .049) ginger resulted in similar pain reductions 24 hours after eccentric exercise compared to placebo.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] various preclinical and clinical studies have evaluated ginger as an effective and safe treatment for nausea and vomiting in the context of pregnancy and as an adjuvant treatment for chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] and ginger treatment significantly reduced the defecation frequency, fecal water content and awr scores in ibs-d rats.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] we hypothesize that ginger ameliorates the nausea associated with motion sickness by preventing the development of gastric dysrhythmias and the elevation of plasma vasopressin.

Does ginger help with period pain? [SEP] hplc analysis showed that 6-gingerol was the main component of ginger, which could improve clinical symptoms in ibs-d rats. |||

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] an integral part of routine health checkups involves laboratory measurements on various analytes in the blood.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] to achieve this, blood, urine and breath samples are commonly used as a routine clinical diagnostic.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] the performance of a medical diagnostic test is often evaluated by comparing the outcome of the test to the patient's true disease state.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] to evaluate diagnostic tests, one would ideally like to verify, for example, with a biopsy, the disease state of all subjects in a study.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] in this brief report, we discuss these simple statistical measures that are used to quantify the diagnostic ability of a test.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] the reliability of tumor biomarkers to diagnose cancer in asymptomatic patients is a frequently asked question in general practice as well as in an oncology setting.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] monitoring health conditions is essential to detect early asymptomatic stages of a disease.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] at present, point-of-care (poc) diagnostics typically provide a binary indication of health status (e.g., home pregnancy test strip).

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] samples (e.g., blood, urine, and saliva) are collected and analyzed for various biomarkers to quickly and sensitively assess disease progression, monitor response to treatment, and determine a patient's prognosis.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] combining tests may be the optimal methodology for determining the disease status of the patient.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] how does one determine whether one diagnostic test is superior to another available test?

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] diagnostic assays can provide valuable information about the health status of a patient, which include detection of biomarkers that indicate the presence of an infection, the progression or regression of a disease, and the efficacy of a course of treatment.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] for this case, it is common to use diagnostic tests based only on the information of verified individuals.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] cancer can be detected in asymptomatic patients by a blood draw for tumor biomarkers during routine examinations in a doctor's office.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] fast and reliable diagnoses are invaluable in clinical care.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] the focus of this article is on how interpretations of laboratory data can utilize both population and individual reference intervals, while making the most of routine testing procedures coupled with some of the newer laboratory tests, which can complement the existing tests in diagnosing disease.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] how much does performance of additional tests assist in arriving at a correct diagnosis?

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] with the proliferation of diagnostic tests in obstetrics, several recurrent questions arise.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] the physician will obtain more meaningful data from the laboratory when testing is ordered to confirm diagnostic suspicions that were raised during the history and physical examination of the patient.

Can the state of health be assessed as reliably with a "cell check" analysis as with other diagnostic tests (for example, blood or urine analyses)? [SEP] point of care testing (poct) has been used for hepatitis b and c diagnosis in general population, but little is known about the influence of clinical conditions in the accuracy of these assays. |||

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] arnica preparations have long been used for the symptomatic treatment of rheumatic complaints and recent clinical trials have demonstrated the beneficial effects of arnica preparations in the treatment of osteoarthritis (oa).

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] our results confirm that this preparation of arnica is not inferior to ibuprofen when treating osteoarthritis of hands.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] the effects of ibuprofen (5%) and arnica (50 g tincture/100 g, der 1:20), as gel preparations in patients with radiologically confirmed and symptomatically active osteoarthritis of interphalangeal joints of hands, were evaluated in a randomised, double-blind study in 204 patients, to ascertain differences in pain relief and hand function after 21 days' treatment.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] art has potential as an anti-inflammatory/analgesic in oa.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] the principle of treatment with acetaminophen or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs is to reduce pain and improve joint function.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] it is debated whether intra-articular viscosupplementation with hyaluronic acid (ha) can lead to improvements in subjects with osteoarthritis (oa) undergoing physical and rehabilitative interventions.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] the use of topical preparations for symptom relief is common in osteoarthritis.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] corticosteroids are intra-articularly injected to relieve pain in joints with osteoarthritis (oa) or acute tissue damage such as ligament or tendon tears, despite its unverified contraindication in unstable joints.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] when compared to placebo, it was found that topical capsaicin has a good safety profile and efficacy in reducing osteoarthritis pain of the hand, knee, hip or shoulder.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] arnica preparations suppress mmp1 and mmp13 mrna levels in bovine and human articular chondrocytes in a concentration-dependent manner and in a low concentration range.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] enhancing joint lubrication, combined with anti-inflammatory therapy, is considered as an effective strategy for osteoarthritis treatment.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] in the other cases both intra-articular viscosupplementation and physical and rehabilitative interventions seemed to be equally effective in improving disability, pain, and quality of life in subjects with knee and ankle oa.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] the aim of this review is to examine the evidence for the efficacy and safety profile of topical capsaicin in the management of pain caused by osteoarthritis.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] osteoarthritis (oa) is an degenerative disease characterized by chronic joint pain.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] the treatment of osteoarthritis, a common degenerative joint disease, is focused on the relief of symptoms, mainly pain, and sometimes joint stiffness.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] hyaluronic acid (ha), a natural biomaterial present in healthy joints but depleted in osteoarthritis (oa), has been employed clinically to provide symptomatic relief of joint pain.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] intra-articular corticosteroids are useful for acute and short-term pain relief, whereas hyaluronic acid is useful for a longer-term treatment effect for patients with knee osteoarthritis.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] pain in osteoarthritis is initiated by mild intra-articular inflammation and degeneration of articular cartilage and subchondral bone.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] treatment with art 150 mg bd is associated with clinically relevant reductions in pain over 12 weeks.

Can pain from osteoarthritis (joint wear) be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] the efficacy of arnica is presumed to be mainly due to its anti-inflammatory properties and inhibition of the transcription factor nf-kappab. |||

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] acute ankle sprains are common and activity limiting injuries, and topical diclofenac gel has proven efficacy in alleviating pain and restoring function.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] this prospective, multicentre, randomised, blinded, active-control and non-inferiority study involved 449 physically active adults sustaining unilateral grade 1 or 2 ankle sprain within the past 24 h. participants were randomised to receive 2 g of traumeel ointment (t-o) (n = 152) or traumeel gel (t-g) (n = 150) or diclofenac gel (d-g) (n = 147), administered topically to the ankle three times a day for 14 days, with 6-weeks follow up.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] previous reports suggest that acupressure therapy for acute ankle sprains may shorten the recovery time.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] to evaluate whether acupressure therapy can improve ankle sprain recovery compared with standard rice (rest, ice, compression, and elevation) treatment.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] patients with acute ankle sprain received rest, ice, compression and elevation with an compressive bandage at the emergency department.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] acupressure therapy may improve recovery after acute ankle sprain injury, yielding shortened time of disability and improved quality of life.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] rest, ice, compression, and elevation is the preferred method for managing the symptoms after an ankle sprain.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] nsaids are the most common medication used for ankle sprain visits to the ed.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] t-o and t-g decreased pain and improved joint function to the same extent as d-g in acute ankle sprain, and were well tolerated.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] ankle arthrodesis is indicated for patients with recalcitrant ankle pain despite appropriate nonoperative intervention.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] after sustaining an ankle sprain, taping is often the standard treatment in primary care.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] functional treatment is a widely used and generally accepted treatment for ankle sprain.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] to determine the clinical efficacy and antiedema effects of cohesive taping and short-leg cast immobilization in acute low-type ankle sprains of physically active patients, we performed a preliminary clinical study to assess objective evidence for edema and functional patient american orthopaedic foot and ankle society (aofas) scores with these alternative treatments.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] studies have reported that thrust and nonthrust manipulations of the ankle joint are effective for the management of patients post-ankle sprain.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] treatment of acute ankle sprain with semi-rigid brace leads to significantly higher patient comfort and satisfaction, both with similar good outcome.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] a sprained ankle is a common musculoskeletal sports injury and it is often treated by immobilization of the joint.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] an ankle sprain is a common musculoskeletal injury treated in the emergency department.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] fifty patients (37 men and 13 women; mean ± sd age, 33 ± 10 years) post-acute inversion ankle sprain were randomly assigned to 2 groups: a comparison group that received a thrust and nonthrust manipulation and exercise intervention, and an experimental group that received the same protocol and myofascial therapy.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] this study provides evidence that, in the treatment of individuals post-inversion ankle sprain, the addition of myofascial therapy to a plan of care consisting of thrust and nonthrust manipulation and exercise may further improve outcomes compared to a plan of care solely consisting of thrust and nonthrust manipulation and exercise.

Can pain from a sprained ankle be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] the fixed-dose dhep/heparin plaster is effective and has advantages over the dhep plaster in relieving pain, and possibly also swelling, associated with mild to moderate acute ankle sprains with oedema in adults. |||

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] to evaluate the clinical efficacy of arnica at a high potency (200c), on moderating delayed onset muscle soreness and accompanying symptoms of muscle dysfunction.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] the results of this study did not substantiate the clinical efficacy of arnica at a high potency on moderating delayed onset muscle soreness and accompanying symptoms of muscle dysfunction.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] the herb arnica montana, in topical formulations, has been reputed to decrease bruising and muscle pain.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] arnica is commonly used by the public as a treatment for bruising and swelling.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] rather than decreasing leg pain, arnica was found to increase leg pain 24 hours after eccentric calf exercises.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] our results confirm that this preparation of arnica is not inferior to ibuprofen when treating osteoarthritis of hands.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] homeopathic arnica tablets and herbal arnica ointment compared to placebos.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] pain scores on legs treated with arnica were higher than scores on those receiving placebo 24 hours after exercise (3.04 vs 2.36, respectively; p < 0.005).

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] massage is commonly believed to be the best modality for relieving muscle soreness.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] to assess whether arnica administration affects recovery from hand surgery.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] sixteen subjects were randomized to receive either a topical gel containing 3.5% menthol or topical application of ice to the non-dominant elbow flexors two days following the performance of an exercise designed to induce muscle soreness.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] delayed onset muscle soreness was used as a tool to ascertain whether a topical menthol-based analgesic or ice was more effective at reducing pain and permitting greater muscular voluntary and evoked force.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to compare the acute effect of massage with active exercise for relieving muscle soreness.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] it has been suggested that arnica can reduce postoperative edema and ecchymosis associated with cosmetic surgical procedures and improve outcome.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] the effects of ibuprofen (5%) and arnica (50 g tincture/100 g, der 1:20), as gel preparations in patients with radiologically confirmed and symptomatically active osteoarthritis of interphalangeal joints of hands, were evaluated in a randomised, double-blind study in 204 patients, to ascertain differences in pain relief and hand function after 21 days' treatment.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] there was no difference in muscle tenderness (arnica: 1.05 vs placebo: 1.05, p = 1.0).

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to determine whether a common bromelain regimen or common ibuprofen regimen are effective in resolving pain and muscle dysfunction associated with delayed onset muscle soreness of the elbow flexors.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] in conclusion, active exercise using elastic resistance provides similar acute relief of muscle soreness as compared with that using massage.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] the authors' study demonstrates that topical arnica ointment after upper blepharoplasty does not improve postoperative outcome.

Can sore muscles be relieved by arnica ointment or arnica gel? [SEP] furthermore, swelling, ecchymosis, erythema, pain, and patient satisfaction with recovery and outcome did not differ between arnica and placebo. |||

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] the consumption of carbonated beverages is one of the etiological factors that cause dental erosion.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] increased consumption of carbonated beverages remains a major cause for dental erosion.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] the present study shows that many of the most commonly used beverages like lime juice and lime soda have a sufficiently low ph to cause erosion of the enamel surface as well as that of cementum of both deciduous and permanent teeth.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] there is much speculation about the role of carbonated soft drinks in the development of dental caries.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] soft drinks containing caffeine have been associated with more aggressive forms of dental decay.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] though protective mechanisms do exist in the oral cavity to neutralize the acids present in these beverages, continuous usage of these beverages leads to irreversible damage to the tooth structure.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] erosive tooth surface loss due to acidic soft-drinks has been well documented.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] this study suggests that carbonated soft drinks are not associated with poor dental health.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] however, many of the so called safe beverages that are consumed may also have sufficiently low ph to cause dental erosion.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] ten permanent and three deciduous teeth samples each were kept in lime juice, lime soda, carbonated beverage and tap water.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] this comprehensive ph assessment of commercially available beverages in the united states found that most are potentially erosive to the dentition.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] cariogenicity of caffeinated soft drinks may be attributed to the effect of caffeine on salivary flow.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] subjects rated oral pungency from several concentrations of carbonated water both at normal atmospheric pressure (at which bubbles could form) and at 2.0 atmospheres pressure (at which bubbles did not form).

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] the purpose of this research was to compare changes in the microhardness of permanent and primary teeth after immersion in two types of carbonated beverages.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] the present data support the hypothesis that carbonated water excites lingual nociceptors via a carbonic anhydrase-dependent process, in turn exciting neurons in vc that are presumably involved in signaling oral irritant sensations.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] this study assessed whether caffeinated soft drinks produced short-term oral dryness in healthy adults.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] in experiment 2, we created controlled streams of air bubbles around the tongue in mildly pungent co2 solutions to determine how tactile stimulation from bubbles affects carbonation bite.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] although many people naively assume that the bite of carbonation is due to tactile stimulation of the oral cavity by bubbles, it has become increasingly clear that carbonation bite comes mainly from formation of carbonic acid in the oral mucosa.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] at the end of 10 days the decrease in hardness of enamel of permanent teeth was maximum for teeth immersed in carbonated beverage followed by lime soda and lime juice.

Can carbon dioxide in mineral water and other sparkling drinks damage teeth or cause tooth decay? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to assess the changes in plaque ph, at different time intervals in vivo after consuming a carbonated beverage (sprite, ph = 2.98) with plastic glass, straw and directly from bottle. |||

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] this review summarizes the effects of the standardized proprietary bark extract of the french maritime pine (pycnogenol®) in mild osteoarthritis (oa), stage 1 and 2.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] the standardized maritime pine bark extract (pycnogenol®) has previously shown symptom alleviating effects in patients suffering from moderate forms of knee osteoarthritis (oa).

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] the resulting inhibition of cartilage-destructing proteases and pain-producing cyclo-oxygenases provides the basis for relief from pain, improvement of stiffness, enhanced mobility, and well-being in three clinical studies with the pine bark extract as an adjunct supplement.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] the safe and efficacious use of pycnogenol (french maritime pine bark extract) in other inflammatory diseases prompted this study of its antiinflammatory effects in patients with osteoarthritis (oa).

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] there is evidence from several studies that supplementation with french maritime pine bark extract (pycnogenol) improves inflammatory symptoms in vivo.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] the bark of maritime pine (pinus pinaster aiton) has been widely used as a remedy for various degenerative diseases.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] traditionally, pine has been used to treat oxidative and inflammatory disorders.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] scots pine (pinus sylvestris) is known to be rich in phenolic compounds, which may have anti-inflammatory properties.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] only 30 min after ingestion of the pine bark extract the serum samples induced a statistically significant increase in the inhibition of both cox-1 (p < 0.02) and cox-2 (p < 0.002).

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] α-pinene reportedly has antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities; however, its effects on osteoblasts are unknown.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] french maritime pine bark extract (pycnogenol) was found to alleviate menstrual pain and reduce hyperactivity in clinical studies.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] this study investigated the effects of α-pinene on osteoblast differentiation and tumour necrosis factor-alpha (tnfα)-induced inhibition of osteogenesis.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] culture in control or osteogenic medium containing α-pinene increased osteogenic marker expression.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] sparing the use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, supplementation with the pine bark extract reduced gastric complications and hospital admissions of oa patients.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] alkaline phosphatase staining and alizarin red s staining confirmed that α-pinene enhanced osteoblast differentiation.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] taken together, our findings suggest that α-pinene enhances osteoblast differentiation and mineralization in mc3t3-e1 pre-osteoblasts.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] pine bark is an important source of polyphenolic compounds, mainly procyanidins, with reported protective effects against disease.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] extract of pine nodules (matsufushi) formed by bark proliferation on the surface of trees of pinus tabulaeformis or pinus massoniana has been used as an analgesic for joint pain, rheumatism, neuralgia, dysmenorrhea and other complaints in chinese traditional medicine.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] also, α-pinene attenuated tnfα-induced inhibition of smad1/5/9 phosphorylation and extracellular matrix mineralization.

Does bark extract from maritime pine (also: "pine bark extract") improve the symptoms of osteoarthritis? [SEP] the extract exerts antioxidative, anti-inflammatory, and chondroprotective effects in vitro and in vivo. |||

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] there is preliminary clinical evidence to support the contention that the anti-inflammatory and analgesic properties of bromelain help to reduce symptoms of osteo- and rheumatoid arthritis.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] recent double blind studies have shown some benefit of borage oil in treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] this study aims to evaluate therapeutic effects and the mechanisms of astragalus polysaccharides (aps) on adjuvant-induced arthritis (aa) in rats.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] we conclude that bromelain may be effective in ameliorating physical symptoms and improving general well-being in otherwise healthy adults suffering from mild knee pain in a dose-dependant manner.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] acupuncture is an emerging alternative therapy for rheumatoid arthritis; however, the molecular mechanism underlying the beneficial effect of acupuncture has not been elucidated.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] a revolution in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis has occurred in recent years.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] therefore, this study assessed the potential role of β-caryophyllene (bcp) in treating adjuvant-induced arthritis (aia), increasing the efficacy of methotrexate (mtx) and/or leflunomide (lef), and ameliorating their side effects.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] methotrexate is recommended as an anchor drug for rheumatoid arthritis treatment to achieve the therapeutic goal of reducing damage to joints and improving clinical score.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] rheumatoid arthritis is a common inflammatory articular disorder in bangladesh.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] tumor necrosis factor-alpha has been shown to be a central mediator of inflammatory and joint destructive processes in rheumatoid arthritis.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] the current study investigated the effects of bromelain on mild acute knee pain of less than 3 months duration in otherwise healthy adults.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] this review article focuses on the role of biological agents currently employed in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, as well as novel biological agents in development.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] acupuncture mediates the anti-inflammatory nf-kb pathway to reduce disease severity in collagen-induced arthritis.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] results support further investigation of therapeutic effects of aps in treatment of ra and other autoimmune diseases.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] aps treatment reduced cell accumulation, swelling and arthritic index of the joints and serum concentrations of tnf-α and il1-β in a dose-dependent manner in aa rats.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] the use of biological agents (bas) for treating diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis (ra), spondyloarthropathy, and systemic lupus erythematosus to reduce inflammation has been fruitful.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] monotherapy with bcp or mtx or lef as well as mtx + lef significantly reduced paw thickness and arthritic index; the histopathological changes in hind paw joints were recovered; and oxidative stress and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (tnf-α) levels in arthritic rats were reduced.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] aps treatment reduced multiple indices of arthritis in rats with aa.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] rheumatoid arthritis is the most common type of inflammatory arthritis affecting about 1% of the population.

Is brown millet effective in favorably influencing the course of the disease in rheumatism ("rheumatoid arthritis")? [SEP] the improvement of rheumatoid factor titers in patients with rheumatoid arthritis is one of the significant clinical effects of bucillamine (buc). |||

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] an internet search with search words "cannabis cures cancer" produce a wealth of sites claiming that cannabis has this effect.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] but do delta(9) -tetrahydrocannabinol (δ(9) -thc) and cannabidiol (cbd) cure cancer?

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] finally, cannabinoids have shown anti-neoplastic effects in preclinical studies in a wide range of cancer cells and some animal models.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] the prevalence and utility of cannabis for cancer-related symptoms may be clarified by examining cannabis use among patients with a common cancer diagnosis.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] this review provides a summary of the available literature on the use of cannabis and cannabinoid-based medicines in palliative oncology.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] the cannabis plant (cannabis sativa) has been known by many names but the question remains 'can we call it medicine?'

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] clinicians should inquire about cannabis use among their patients and provide evidence-based recommendations for cancer-related symptoms.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] because there is a possibility that cannabis or cannabis-like molecules might be used as treatments for certain conditions in the future, it becomes important to consider the possible adverse effects of these compounds.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] this study evaluated the safety of cannabis use by patients with chronic pain over 1 year.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] the primary aim of this review is to assess whether cannabis satisfies the seven previously published criteria for substitute medications for alcohol [e.g.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] cannabis is widely used as a self-management strategy by patients with a wide range of symptoms and diseases including chronic non-cancer pain.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] cannabis use was common in people with chronic non-cancer pain who had been prescribed opioids, but we found no evidence that cannabis use improved patient outcomes.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] quality-controlled herbal cannabis, when used by patients with experience of cannabis use as part of a monitored treatment program over 1 year, appears to have a reasonable safety profile.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] while these data provide a powerful mechanistic rationale for the clinical use of medical marijuana in inflammatory and oncological disease, caution may be advised with sustained use of such preparations.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] cannabis is under clinical investigation to assess its potential for medicinal use, but the question arises as to whether there is any advantage in using cannabis extracts compared with isolated delta9-trans-tetrahydrocannabinol (delta9thc), the major psychoactive component.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] interest in the use of cannabis and cannabinoids to treat chronic non-cancer pain is increasing, because of their potential to reduce opioid dose requirements.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] in this study we aimed to investigate the immune-cell modulatory properties of medical cannabis.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] therefore, this review focuses only on the functional mri studies investigating the effects of specific pharmacological preparations of cannabis compounds, specifically thc, tetrahydrocannabivarin (thcv), and cbd, on brain function in healthy individuals and persons with epilepsy with references to non-epilepsy studies only to underline the gaps in research that need to be filled before cannabis-derived products are considered for a wide use in the treatment of epilepsy.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] we aimed to determine the prevalence of cannabis use among colorectal cancer (crc) survivors and its associations with quality of life (qol) and cancer-related symptomatology.

Are cannabis or substances derived from cannabis effective and safe anti-cancer agents? [SEP] this article aims to update the current knowledge and evidence of using cannabis and its derivatives with a view to the sociolegal context and perspectives for future research. |||

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] monoclonal antibodies to pcsk9 have recently been shown to decrease ldl cholesterol, but it is not known whether they improve cardiovascular outcomes.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] the first inhibitors of proprotein convertase substilisin-kexin type 9 (pcsk9) were human monoclonal antibodies and these reduced ldl cholesterol and cardiovascular events.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] pcsk9 inhibitors were associated with a statistically significant reduction of ldl-c (mean = -48.8%; 95% ci -54.1, -43.4; i 2 = 94%) compared to control groups, and with a statistically significant reduction in death for any cause (or = 0.34; 95% ci 0.17, 0.69; i 2 = 0) and a favorable trend for cardiovascular events (or = 0.79; 95% ci 0.61, 1.02; i 2 = 0%).

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] in patients with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolaemia or statin intolerance antibody-based inhibitors of preprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin 9 (pcsk9) produce reductions in ldl-c of 30-65%.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] pcsk9 inhibitors reduce ldl-c concentration in every group explored.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] clinical trials with ezetimibe and pcsk9 inhibitors have reported further reductions in cardiovascular events, beyond statins.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] the recent approval of the first 2 pcsk9 inhibitors and the anticipated approval of the third agent in this class within approximately 1 year may provide clinicians powerful new weapons to lower ldl-c levels in patients who are not satisfactorily managed with statins.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] lowering cholesterol level by drugs is not recommended except in a small minority of subjects at very high risk of coronary heart disease (chd), since it causes an excess of non-chd deaths.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] in particular, the approved pcsk9 inhibitors (evolocumab and alirocumab) have been very effective in optimizing plasma ldl-c values and reducing cv event risk.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] we aimed to investigate the efficacy and safety of pcsk9 inhibitors in patients at different cardiovascular risk in a systematic review.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] recent advances in the understanding of lipoprotein metabolism have led to the development of the proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (pcsk9) inhibitors including evolocumab , which lowers plasma levels of ldl-c by 50 - 75% as monotherapy or in combination with statin therapy.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] pcsk9 inhibitors will also probably provide a valuable option for patients with statin intolerance, those with fh and patients with elevated plasma levels of lp(a).

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] we evaluated two clinical trials reporting cardiovascular outcomes with antibodies to pcsk9, the osler extension with evolocumab, and the odyssey long term trial with alirocumab.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] in our opinion, these antibodies may be suitable for use in subjects with familial hypercholesterolemia, who are uncontrolled with their present medications, provided intensive safety and cardiovascular monitoring is being undertaken.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] firstly, cardiovascular outcomes trials have not been completed, so we do not know how inclisiran compares to the pcsk9 monoclonal antibodies, which, seem to me, to only have a modest effect on cardiovascular outcomes.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] as a result, fixed-dose combinations of hypolipidemic agents may provide an attractive option for the effective and safe management of hypercholesterolemia.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] statins alone often do not reduce ldl cholesterol levels sufficiently to given maximum cardiovascular benefit.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] some of the reasons include the inability to tolerate statin therapy, ldl-c levels that remain high even in the presence of statin therapy, and a familial disorder that is characterized by extremely high levels of ldl-c. a new therapeutic class, proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (pcsk9) inhibitors, represents a novel and promising approach to reducing ldl-c levels using a mechanism at the ldl receptor level.

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] statins cause only a modest increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (hdl)--an established independent protective factor for coronary heart disease (chd)--and a modest decrease in triglycerides (tg).

It is not always possible to reduce elevated cholesterol levels to a healthy level with tablets and thus minimize the risk of heart attack or stroke. Does this succeed through additional injections with PCSK9 antibodies? [SEP] a significant reduction in death by all cause was observed in the pcsk9 inhibitors groups, compared with control groups, even in the short time frame studied. |||

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] the human papillomavirus (hpv) infection, which is strongly related to cervical cancer, can be reduced by the topical application of imiquimod.

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] imiquimod has been proven to be effective in the regression of vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia (vin) and vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia (vain).

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] our results demonstrate that the imiquimod-loaded nanoemulsioncan be an alternative product for the treatment of cervical cancer validating the hypothesis.

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] to assess the clinical response to imiquimod 5% cream in patients with persistent human papillomavirus (hpv) infection after treatment of genital intraepithelial neoplasia.

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] imiquimod 5% cream was applied to treat 76 women with persistent hpv after surgical therapy for cervical or vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia (cin or vain).

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] the aim of the study was to assess awareness, attitudes, and current clinical experiences of gynecologists regarding imiquimod as a potential treatment modality for vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia (vain) and cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (cin).

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] in this study, we postulated that the use of imiquimod in nanoemulsion results in a better antitumoral effect than the drug administered in its nonencapsulated form for the treatment of cervical cancer.

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] topical imiquimod 5% cream may be beneficial in most cases of genital intraepithelial neoplasia, especially cin, with persistent hpv following surgical treatment.

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] this study was performed to determine if iodostearic acid would induce regression of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (cin).

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] this study evaluated cervical application of imiquimod as an adjunct to standard treatment for cervical dysplasia.

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] in total, 58 of the 76 patients (76.3%) were clear of hpv infection and had normal pap smears after administration of imiquimod cream.

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] topical application of the immune response modifier imiquimod is an alternative approach for the treatment of human papillomavirus (hpv)-positive vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia (vin) and aims at the immunologic eradication of hpv-infected cells.

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] this trial does not support the hypothesis that imiquimod, as used in this trial, has an impact on recurrence of cervical dysplasia, but the adequacy of findings are limited by sample size.

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] the various therapeutic options available to the clinician for the eradication of cervical premalignant disease are discussed.

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] the recognition and treatment of premalignant lesions affecting the uterine cervix will in most instances prevent the subsequent development of invasive cervical cancer.

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] stearic and iodostearic acid inhibit growth of a cervical carcinoma cell line in vitro.

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to evaluate the association between recent intrauterine device (iud) use (by type) and cervical intraepithelial neoplasia 2, 3, adenocarcinoma in situ or cancer (cin2+ or cin3+).

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] could be improving the clearance of hpv infection or stopping progression to cancer from preneoplasic lesion.

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] imiquimod is a topical medication that enhances the immune response to hpv-induced genital warts.

Do vaginal suppositories containing the active ingredient imiquimod cause precancerous stages of cervical cancer to recede or disappear? [SEP] although atypia or mild dysplasia was noted in 15 of the 18 patients (83.3%) with persistent hpv infection after imiquimod cream treatment, the degree of severity was noticeably less than the initial diagnosis in most of these patients. |||

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] clinical investigations prove that blue light irradiation reduces the severity of psoriasis vulgaris.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] blue light irradiation reduces the proliferation of keratinocytes and modulates t-cell immune response in vitro and has been shown to reduce the severity of psoriasis vulgaris (pv) in two clinical trials.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] blue light is a uv-free irradiation suitable for treating chronic skin inflammation, for example, atopic dermatitis, psoriasis, and hand- and foot eczema.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] ultraviolet (uv) light is an effective treatment for extensive psoriasis and some other inflammatory skin conditions.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] blue light sources have been shown to be effective in the treatment of mild to moderate inflammatory acne vulgaris lesions.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] ultraviolet (uv) b phototherapy is an established treatment option for psoriasis.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] previous studies using blue light showed more improvement in inflammatory lesions than in comedones, as well as some improvement on the untreated side.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] phototherapy using blue light has been proven in the treatment of acne vulgaris and offers the clinician an effective alternative.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] we investigated the underlying mechanism of blue light irradiation of psoriatic skin, and tested the hypothesis that regulation of proliferation is a key process.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] efficacy, safety, and convenience suggest that targeted uvb therapy with quasi monochromatic light is a new useful treatment option for patients with limited psoriatic plaques.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] blue light therapy reduced inflammatory acne vulgaris lesions by an average of 34%, as compared to 14% for topical 1% clindamycin solution.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] we evaluated the safety and efficacy of a new blue light source in the treatment of mild to moderate inflammatory acne vulgaris in comparison to topical 1% clindamycin solution.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] ultraviolet b (uvb) is a highly effective, relatively safe, affordable and widely used therapeutic option for moderate psoriasis.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] our modeling approach constitutes a framework for testing diverse hypotheses on the underlying mechanism of blue light-based phototherapy, and for designing effective strategies for the treatment of psoriasis.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] these results expand the properties of narrow-band blue light in modulating the inflammatory process and will facilitate testing of its phototherapeutic applications in different inflammatory skin conditions.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] the blue light source presented in this report is a safe and effective treatment option available to our patients with mild to moderate inflammatory acne lesions.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] narrow-band blue light (420 nm) has demonstrated safety and efficacy in the treatment of acne vulgaris.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] evaluation of safety and efficacy of long-term uv-free blue light treatment at home for mild pv.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] phototherapy is a cornerstone in treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis.

Is blue light treatment as effective as UV light or other established therapies for psoriasis? [SEP] bath-puva therapy has some advantages over uvb phototherapy in the treatment of psoriasis: fewer uv-related acute side effects and a longer period of remission after therapy. |||

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] potato consumption has been hypothesized to be associated with higher risk of hypertension, diabetes, and colorectal cancer.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] high consumption of potatoes showed a non-significantly higher risk of pancreatic cancer in the adjusted model (hazard ratio (hr) 1·44; 95 % ci 0·93, 2·22, p for trend 0·030) when comparing the highest v. the lowest quartile of potato consumption.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] this study aimed to investigate the association between potato consumption and the risk of colorectal cancer (crc) among 79,778 women aged 41-70, in the norwegian women and cancer study.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] the consumption of unfried potatoes was not associated with an increased mortality risk.conclusions: the frequent consumption of fried potatoes appears to be associated with an increased mortality risk.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] we therefore investigated whether potato consumption is associated with higher risk of death in a large cohort of people living in south italy.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] background: few studies have assessed the association between potato consumption and mortality.objective: we investigated whether potato consumption (including fried and unfried potatoes) is associated with increased premature mortality risk in a north american cohort.design: a longitudinal analysis included 4440 participants aged 45-79 y at baseline with an 8-y follow-up from the osteoarthritis initiative cohort study.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] to investigate the association between potato consumption and mortality, cox regression models were constructed to estimate hrs with 95% cis, with adjustment for potential confounders.results: of the 4400 participants, 2551 (57.9%) were women with a mean ± sd age of 61.3 ± 9.2 y.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggest that consumption of potatoes is associated with increased risk of cardiometabolic diseases.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] we aimed to synthesize the evidence on the relation between different types of potato consumption with risk of all-cause mortality, coronary heart disease (chd), stroke, type 2 diabetes (t2d), colorectal cancer (crc), and hypertension.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] however, subgroup analyses indicated that participants who consumed fried potatoes 2-3 times/wk (hr: 1.95; 95% ci: 1.11, 3.41) and ≥3 times/wk (hr: 2.26; 95% ci: 1.15, 4.47) were at an increased risk of mortality.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] in this study, high potato consumption was not consistently associated with a higher risk of pancreatic cancer.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] the aim of this study was to prospectively investigate the association between potato consumption and pancreatic cancer among 114 240 men and women in the prospective helga cohort, using cox proportional hazard models.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] the aim was to examine the association between potato consumption and risk of total and specific cvd events as well as mortality from cvd in 2 prospective cohorts of swedish adults, a population with a high consumption of potatoes.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] eating baked, boiled, or mashed potatoes, french fries or potato salad seven or more times per week was associated with higher risk of overall mortality, in models adjusted only for age and sex (hr c4 vs c1 = 1.17, 95%ci = 1.13, 1.21).

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] results showed that high potato consumption was associated with a higher risk of crc (hazard ratio [hr]: 1.32, 95% confidence interval [ci]: 1.10, 1.60 for ≥3 potatoes per day versus 0-7 potatoes per week).

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] the consumption of potatoes is increasing worldwide, but few studies have assessed the association between potato consumption and mortality, particularly in mediterranean countries.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] the aim of this study was to examine the association between potato consumption and the risk of overall and cause specific mortality in the large prospective national institutes of health-aarp (nih-aarp) study.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] potatoes have been related to increased risks of obesity, type 2 diabetes (t2d), and cardiovascular disease (cvd) mainly because of their high glycemic index.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] our findings suggest a modest positive association between the consumption of potatoes and the risk of type 2 diabetes in women.

Does frequent consumption of potatoes increase the risk of dying from cancer? [SEP] this review provides an overview of the nutritional value of potatoes and examines the evidence for associations between potato consumption and non-communicable diseases. |||

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] the early diagnosis of cancers and continued monitoring of tumor growth would be greatly facilitated by the development of a blood-based, non-invasive, screening technique for early cancer detection.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] current technologies for cancer screening and detection typically rely on imaging techniques or blood tests that are not accurate or sensitive enough to definitively diagnose cancer at its earliest stages or predict biologic outcomes.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] minimal invasive blood-based molecular markers are evaluated as promising biomarkers in malignant diseases these days.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] it has been suggested that the molecular identification of cancer cells in the circulation may be useful in predicting the presence of micrometastasis in several cancer types.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] analysis of cell-free dna from blood could provide an alternative method for identifying genomic changes in the tumors of patients with advanced lung adenocarcinoma.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] however, early-stage detection of cancer using tumor-derived cfdna has proven challenging because of the small proportion of cfdna derived from tumor tissue in early-stage disease.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] evidence for the presence of cancer is dependent on the ability to detect features in the peripheral circulation that are deemed as cancer-associated.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] calibration studies, seeding blood with mcf-7 breast carcinoma cells, showed that the assay can detect ten tumour cells among 1.0 x 10(6) leucocytes.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] therefore, cancerdetector can sensitively identify a trace amount of tumor cfdnas in plasma, at the level of individual reads.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] cell-free dna (cfdna) quantitation in patients' plasma has been recently applied in monitoring several cancer types.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] a blood test to serve as a tumor marker for cervical cancer would be useful to clinicians to guide treatment and provide an early signal for recurrence.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] to improve on existing methods of cytological or immunocytological detection, we have developed a sensitive and quantitative technique for the detection of carcinoma cells in blood, using the reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr) identifying transcripts of the pancarcinoma-associated tumour marker egp-2 (ksa or 17-1a antigen).

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] a machine learning approach to discover signatures in cfdna, potentially reflective of both tumor and non-tumor contributions, may represent a promising direction for the early detection of cancer.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] the detection of tumor-derived cell-free dna in plasma is one of the most promising directions in cancer diagnosis.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] cell-free dna in blood (cfdna) represents a promising biomarker for cancer diagnosis.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] testing cancerdetector on real plasma data demonstrated its high sensitivity and specificity in detecting tumor cfdnas.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] the major challenge in such an approach is how to identify the tiny amount of tumor dnas out of total cell-free dnas in blood.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] several studies have identified malignancy-associated dna methylation changes in blood, yet no general cancer biomarker has been identified to date.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] therefore, the purpose of this study was, in a blinded manner, to investigate whether malignancy could be revealed by non-invasive x-ray phase-contrast tomography in lymph nodes from breast cancer patients.

Can cancer be detected by dark field analysis (dark field microscopy) of the blood? [SEP] three of these signals were present up to 5 years prior to cancer diagnosis, highlighting the potential clinical utility of whole blood dna methylation analysis in cancer surveillance. |||

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] dark adaptation is a highly sensitive neural function and may be the first symptom of many status including the physiologic and pathologic entity, suggesting that it could be instrumental for diagnose.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] however, shortcomings such as the lack of standardized parameters, the long duration of examination, and subjective randomness would substantially impede the use of dark adaptation in clinical work.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] in this review we summarize the recent research about the dark adaptation, including two visual cycles-canonical and cone-specific visual cycle, affecting factors and the methods for measuring dark adaptation.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] in the opinions of authors, intensive investigations are needed to be done for the widely use of this significant visual function in clinic.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] the large range of health effects that have been associated with vitamin d deficiency raises the possibility that vitamin d levels may be a marker of poor health status rather than a cause of it.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] this large cohort study indicates that low levels of 25(oh)d were associated to the presence and severity of depressive disorder suggesting that hypovitaminosis d may represent an underlying biological vulnerability for depression.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] there is scope to better understand how vitamin d deficiency interacted with other diseases to affect health in past groups.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] lower serum levels of vitamin d were associated with different variables that should be explored in several diseases before a conclusion of hypovitaminosis d is drawn.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] air pollution may be a neglected risk factor for hypovitaminosis d, which is known to compromise several health outcomes.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] however, previous studies included patients with medical diseases, affecting both vitamin d levels and lung function.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] larger long-term studies are required to clarify these associations.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] significant positive associations between 25(oh)d levels and fev1, fvc and krogh index were found.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] it has been hypothesized that hypovitaminosis d is associated with depression but epidemiological evidence is limited.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] vitamin d deficiency has not been evaluated in dark skinned individuals living in areas of high sun exposure utilizing more reliable mass spectrometry assay techniques.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] considering this view of potential confounders, we investigated if vitamin d deficiency (vdd) is linked to lung function in health screening examinee without overt medical conditions.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] there is debate on whether vitamin d deficiency is a risk factor for major chronic diseases and premature death or whether observed associations were just confounded by general health status.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] our aim was to investigate the associations between gestational exposure to urban air pollutants and 25-hydroxyvitamin d [25(oh)d] cord blood serum level in 375 mother-child pairs of the eden birth cohort.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] epidemiological evidence suggests that vitamin d deficiency is associated with increased mortality, but it is unclear whether this is explained by reverse causation, and if there are specific causes of death for which vitamin d might be important.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] whether or not this reflects a causal relationship is unknown.

Can dark field analysis indicate other health problems? [SEP] in multivariate analysis, 25(oh)d deficiency was significantly associated with older age (p = 0.0007), females (p = 0.0007), absence of physical activity (p = 0.01), absence of vitamin d supplementation (p < 0.0001), higher plasma total cholesterol (p = 0.007), use of fibrates (p < 0.0001), lower alcohol consumption (p = 0.02), and season of blood sampling (p < 0.0001). |||

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] kombucha obtained from tea is characterized by its health-promoting properties.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] one of the "healthy trends," which has appeared among the consumers worldwide is kombucha, a tea drink with high antioxidant potential, obtained through the activity of a consortium of acetic acid bacteria and osmophilic yeast, which is also called "tea fungus."

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] consumption of kombucha fermented tea (kt) has always been associated with different health benefits.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] kombucha, historically an asian tea-based fermented drink, has recently become trendy in western countries.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] many personal experiences and testimonials of kt drinkers are available throughout the world on the ability of kt to protect against a vast number of metabolic and infectious diseases, but very little scientific evidence is available that validates the beneficial effects of kt.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] this makes kt attractive as a fermented functional beverage for health prophylaxis.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] preemptive administration of fermented kimchi significantly afforded colitic cancer prevention through attenuating inflammasomes (il-18, il-1β, caspase-1), enhancing antioxidative (nqo1, gst-π), imposing anti-proliferative (bax, caspase-3, β-catenin), and affording cytoprotective actions (hsp70, 15-pgdh), while non-fermented kimchi did not prevent colitic cancer.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] focusing on the effect of fermentation, this study hypothesized that consumption of fermented kimchi would have more beneficial effects compared with that of fresh kimchi on metabolic parameters that are related to cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome risks in overweight and obese subjects.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] it is shown that kt can efficiently act in health prophylaxis and recovery due to four main properties: detoxification, antioxidation, energizing potencies, and promotion of depressed immunity.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] the aim of this review is to give an overview of the recent studies in search of experimental confirmation of the numerous kt health-promoting aspects cited previously.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] under the hypothesis that dietary intake of kimchi can be ideal intervention for either ameliorating colitis or preventing colitic cancer, we performed the study to validate the efficolitic cancery of fermented kimchi on preventing colitic cancer.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] therefore, the ingestion of fermented kimchi had positive effects on various factors associated with metabolic syndrome, including systolic and diastolic blood pressures, percent body fat, fasting glucose, and total cholesterol, compared with the fresh kimchi.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] this study unraveled a distinctive core microbial community which is essential for fermentation control and could lead to kombucha quality standardization.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] literature reports describe kiwi fruit as a food with significant effects on human health, including anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory activity.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] furthermore, kok-treated mice significantly increased antioxidant enzyme activities and reduced the protein expressions of apoptosis in the testes.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] therefore, kok might have potential for preventing and/or treating pd.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] the recent experimental studies on the consumption of kt suggest that it is suitable for prevention against broad-spectrum metabolic and infective disorders.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] producers claim it bears health-enhancing properties that may come from the tea or metabolites produced by its microbiome.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] kokum, a spice derived from the fruit of the garcinia hanburyi tree, is traditionally used in ayurvedic medicines to facilitate digestion and to treat sores, dermatitis, diarrhoea, dysentery, and ear infection.

Does kombucha have a positive effect on health? [SEP] we hypothesized that the kd would (1) improve mental and physical function, including energy levels, (2) reduce hunger, and (3) diminish sweet and starchy food cravings in women with ovarian or endometrial cancer. |||

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] graviola demonstrated anticancer effects in vitro, but has not been studied in humans.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] despite the lack of human data, many websites promote graviola to cancer patients based on traditional use and on the in vitro studies.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] this is the first report on anti-proliferative and apoptosis-inducing action of garcinol against human breast cancer cells and the results suggest that this natural compound merits investigation as a potential chemo-preventive/-therapeutic agent, especially against breast cancer.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] here we tested our hypothesis that garcinol may act as an anti-proliferative and apoptosis-inducing agent against breast cancer cell lines.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] co-treatment with genistein and gamma-irradiation inhibited proliferation through g2/m arrest and induced apoptosis via ros modulation in the caski cancer cells.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] : genistein inhibits growth of cervical cancer cells.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] our results suggested that egcg may be suitable for prevention and treatment of cervical cancer.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] we determined the potential role of genistein as a radiosensitizer for cervical cancer cells.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] egcg [(-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate] has shown its antitumor ability and perhaps a potential regimen for cancer patients.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] therefore, f. gummosa can be considered as a potential radiosensitizer agent against cervical cancer.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] our results suggested induction of caspase-mediated apoptosis in highly metastatic mda-mb-231 cells by garcinol.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] we studied whether genistein would enhance the radiosensitivity and explored its precise molecular mechanism in cervical cancer cells.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] treatment of gynecological cancer commonly involves pelvic radiation therapy (rt) and/or brachytherapy.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] effect of genistein on the radiosensitivity of the two cervical tumor cells was variable.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] garcinol, obtained from garcinia indica in tropical regions, is used for its numerous biological effects.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] external beam radiation therapy is an effective treatment for selected gynecological cancers, as the primary treatment or in combination with surgery and/or internal radiation therapy.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] we found that garcinol exhibits dose-dependent cancer cell-specific growth inhibition in both the cell lines with a concomitant induction of apoptosis, and has no effect on non-tumorigenic mcf-10a cells.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] radiotherapy is currently applied in the treatment of human cancers.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] the aim of this comprehensive review is to summarize and evaluate the use of aloe vera in patients who have undergone radiation therapy for the treatment of cancer.

Is graviola an effective and safe treatment for cancer? [SEP] genistein also stimulated irradiation-induced intracellular reactive oxygene, species (ros) production, and co-treatment-induced apoptosis was inhibited by the antioxidant n-acetylcysteine, suggesting that apoptosis has occurred through the increase in ros by genistein and gamma-irradiation in cervical cancer cells. |||

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] fenugreek extract has a significant effect on total serum testosterone.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] results from clinical trials suggest that fenugreek extract supplement has an effect on serum total testosterone levels in male.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] the study objective was to examine whether a fenugreek seed extract would improve healthy men's aging male symptoms, health-related quality of life (hrqol), grip strength, and anxiety.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] different types of glycosides extract of fenugreek have shown androgenic and anabolic effect in male.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] the aim of the study was to evaluate the effect of fenugreek extract on total testosterone levels in male.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] conclusion fenugreek supplementation is an effective nutritional intervention for improving aging male symptoms, anxiety levels, grip strength, and aspects of hrqol in healthy recreationally active men.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] objectives limited research has examined the effects of fenugreek (trigonella foenum-graecum l.) supplementation to improve healthy younger men's aging male symptoms.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] fenugreek has a long history of medical uses in ayurvedic and chinese medicine, and has been used for numerous indications, including labor induction, aiding digestion, and as a general tonic to improve metabolism and health.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] future researchers are encouraged to examine the health and ergogenic effects of fenugreek supplementation in hypogonadal and older populations.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] to uncover the fennel-derived essential oil (fveo)-induced effects on male reproductive potential, 24 mature male albino mice were divided into, control, 0.37, 0.75, and 1.5 mg kg-1 fveo-received groups.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] results the fenugreek groups reported significant improvements in aging male symptoms, anxiety levels, grip strength, and indicators of hrqol compared to the placebo group, p's < 0.05.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] besides its known medicinal properties such as carminative, gastric stimulant, antidiabetic and galactogogue (lactation-inducer) effects, newer research has identified hypocholesterolemic, antilipidemia, antioxidant, hepatoprotective, anti-inflammatory, antibacterial, antifungal, antiulcer, antilithigenic, anticarcinogenic and other miscellaneous medicinal effects of fenugreek.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] in this study we have reviewed the available scientific literature on fenugreek.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] people also use to consume these herbs as supplements to energize, bolster, and eventually enhance sexual ability.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] the fenugreek seed extract did not affect the skeletal system of novx rats, and significantly worsened mineralization of the vertebra in ovx rats, decreased due to estrogen deficiency.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] fenugreek seed added to food did not significantly affect bone mineralization and serum turnover markers, independently of the estrogen status.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] research on fenugreek in recent years has identified a number of health benefits and physiological attributes in both experimental animals as well as clinical trials in humans.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] fenugreek (trigonella foenum-graecum) is used as a spice, vegetable and a medicinal plant.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] the present study shows the properties and the nutritional quality of fenugreek seed extract and focuses on screening of active compounds in drug designing for type 2 diabetes and breast cancer.

Does taking preparations with fenugreek extract improve sex life or satisfaction with it? [SEP] the aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of fenugreek seed on bone mechanical properties in rats with normal and decreased estrogen level (developing osteoporosis). |||

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] therefore, disulfiram may have anticancer potential in combination with radiotherapy.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] considerable evidence demonstrates the importance of dithiocarbamates especially disulfiram as anticancer drugs.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] this review discusses the molecular mechanism of action of disulfiram and its potential use in the treatment of human cancers and fungal infections.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] disulfiram has been repurposed as a potential candidate to suppress various cancers.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] disulfiram, a drug used to treat alcoholism, has recently been indicated to play a primary as well as an adjuvant role in the treatment of many cancers and in the reversal of fungal drug-resistance.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] previous studies indicate that disulfiram (ds), an anti-alcoholism drug, is cytotoxic to cancer cell lines and reverses anticancer drug resistance.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] disulfiram (tetraethylthiuram disulfide, dsf) is an old alcohol-aversion drug that has been shown to be effective against various types of cancers in preclinical studies, while few studies are carried out to explore its mechanism.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] disulfiram has been used in the treatment of alcoholism and exhibits an anti-tumor effect.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] disulfiram is an aldehyde dehydrogenase inhibitor that was used to treat alcoholism and showed anticancer activity, but its anticancer mechanism remains unclear.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] in this study, we aimed to assess the anti-cancer activity and underlying mechanisms of disulfiram in the context of oral squamous cell carcinoma.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] the alcohol aversion drug disulfiram (dsf) reacts and conjugates with the protein-bound nucleophilic cysteines and is known to elicit anticancer effects alone or improve the efficacy of many cancer drugs.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] disulfiram (dsf) is an fda approved, copper chelating agent that can target oxidative metabolic frailties in cancer vs. normal cells and be repurposed as an adjuvant to cancer therapy.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] our purpose was to determine the potential of disulfiram to enhance the antitumor efficacy of external-beam γ-irradiation and (131)i-metaiodobenzylguanidine ((131)i-mibg), a radiopharmaceutical used for the therapy of neuroendocrine tumors.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] disulfiram (dsf) in combination with copper (cu) has been reported to override drug resistance in cancer cells, and dsf combined with chemotherapy based on the microtubule inhibitor vinorelbine appears to prolong survival in non-small cell lung cancer patients.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] despite data from the 1970s and 80s that showed that disulfiram and analogs are able to enhance the activity of anticancer cytotoxic drugs and might be useful chemopreventative agents, the underlying molecular mechanisms remained unknown until recently.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] here, we review the preclinical and clinical studies exploring disulfiram as an anticancer agent as well as research programs that focus on the development of disulfiram derivatives as inhibitors of the ubiquitin-proteasome system.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] in conclusion, the attenuation of ae2 and its supportive enzyme ca12, and the inhibitory effect on cell migration by disulfiram treatment in cancer cells provided the molecular evidence supporting the potential of disulfiram as an anticancer agent.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] this review confirms the importance of chemical features of compounds such as disulfiram to their biological activities, and supports repurposing dsf as a potential anticancer agent.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] however, the intracellular mechanism of anti-tumor activity of disulfiram remains unclear.

Does disulfiram improve the effectiveness of chemotherapy for cancer? [SEP] thus, disulfiram could be used to treat solid tumors that grow in a hif-dependent manner. |||

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] our meta-analysis adds to the growing evidence that binaural-beat exposure is an effective way to affect cognition over and above reducing anxiety levels and the perception of pain without prior training, and that the direction and the magnitude of the effect depends upon the frequency used, time under exposure, and the moment in which the exposure takes place.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] the objective of this meta-analysis was to study the effect of binaural beats on memory, attention, anxiety, and analgesia.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] findings suggest that listening to binaural beats may exert an acute influence on both lf and hf components of hrv and may increase subjective feelings of relaxation.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] it has been suggested that binaural beats can influence cognition and mental states among others.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] as compared to the placebo visit, the binaural-beat visit resulted in greater self-reported relaxation, increased parasympathetic activation and increased sympathetic withdrawal.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] the present study examined the effects of binaural and monaural beat stimulation on attention and working memory in high and low emotional participants.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] application of auditory beat stimulation has been speculated to provide a promising new tool with which to alleviate symptoms of anxiety and to enhance cognition.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] several controversial claims have been attributed to binaural beats regarding their ability to entrain human brain activity and mood, in both the scientific literature and the marketing realm.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] conclusion: listening to music reduces anxiety in patients undergoing bronchoscopy, provided that the music complies with the patient's preferences.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] whether binaural beats have an impact on cognitive performance or other mood measurements remains to be seen and can be further investigated within the proposed methodological framework.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] aims: we aimed to determine whether listening to music could reduce anxiety prior to and during bronchoscopy, and whether it is influenced by the patient's preference in music.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] although this phenomenon is thought to facilitate state changes (e.g., relaxation), few empirical studies have reported on whether binaural beats produce changes in autonomic arousal.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] to evaluate the effect of background music on preoperative anxiety in elective surgery patients and on noise levels in the surgery waiting room.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] our results indicate a role for monaural beat stimulation in modulating state anxiety and are in line with previous studies reporting anxiety-reducing effects of auditory beat stimulation.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] background music can be useful as a means of decreasing preoperative anxiety.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] moreover, the findings suggest that binaural-beat exposure before, and before and during the task produces superior results than exposure during the task.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] exposure to background music was associated with decreased levels of state anxiety irrespective of age, sex, and previous exposure to surgery or anesthesia (p < .001).

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] therefore, the present study investigated the effects of binaural beating on autonomic dynamics [heart rate variability (hrv)] during post-exercise relaxation.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] today, binaural and monaural beats are offered over the internet or by mental health institutes to improve wellbeing or cognitive functioning.

Can binaural beats relieve stress or anxiety before surgery and medical treatments? [SEP] relaxing music decreases the level of anxiety in a pre-operative setting to a greater extent than orally administrated midazolam. |||

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] compared with other vegetarian diets, vegan diets tend to contain less saturated fat and cholesterol and more dietary fiber.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] this review examines whether there is evidence that a strict vegan diet confers health advantages beyond that of a vegetarian diet or overall healthy eating.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] in terms of nutrients, vegetarian diets are usually rich in carbohydrates, n-6 fatty acids, dietary fibre, carotenoids, folic acid, vitamin c, vitamin e and mg, and relatively low in protein, saturated fat, long-chain n-3 fatty acids, retinol, vitamin b(12) and zn; vegans may have particularly low intakes of vitamin b(12) and low intakes of ca.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] the fat content of the vegan diet is significantly lower and the polyunsaturated:saturated fatty acid ratio higher than in the omnivore diet.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] few studies include vegan subjects as a distinct experimental group, yet when vegan diets are directly compared to vegetarian and omnivorous diets, a pattern of protective health benefits emerges.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] in western countries, vegetarian diets are associated with lower intakes of energy, saturated fatty acids and animal protein and higher intakes of fibre and phytochemicals, compared to omnivorous diets.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] a vegetarian diet is associated with many health benefits because of its higher content of fiber, folic acid, vitamins c and e, potassium, magnesium, and many phytochemicals and a fat content that is more unsaturated.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] these findings suggest that vegetarian diets are nutrient dense, consistent with dietary guidelines, and could be recommended for weight management without compromising diet quality.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] these results suggest that, although vegans have much lower intakes of dietary calcium and protein than omnivores, veganism does not have adverse effect on bone mineral density and does not alter body composition.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] cross-sectional studies of vegetarians and vegans have shown that on average they have a relatively low bmi and a low plasma cholesterol concentration; recent studies have also shown higher plasma homocysteine concentrations than in non-vegetarians.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] this cross-sectional study showed that, although vegans had lower dietary calcium and protein intakes than omnivores, veganism did not have adverse effect on bone mineral density and did not alter body composition.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] in conclusion, the available literature suggests that a vegetarian/vegan diet is effective in promoting a diverse ecosystem of beneficial bacteria to support both human gut microbiome and overall health.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] in most countries a vegan diet is associated with a more favourable cardio- metabolic profile compared to an omnivorous diet.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] from food frequency questionnaires in 28 studies, vegans compared to omnivores consumed less energy (-11%, 95% confidence interval -14 to -8) and less saturated fat (- 51%, ci -57 to -45).

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] differences in food composition, nutrient intake, and various health outcomes have been reported for vegetarians and non-vegetarians in the adventist health study-2 (ahs-2) cohort.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] vegetarian diets have long been thought of as beneficial to health.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] vegetarians exhibited a lower estimated prevalence of inadequacies for micronutrients such as antioxidant vitamins (e.g., for vitamin e, 28.9% for vegetarian women <55 years of age vs. 41.6% in meat-eaters) while vegans exhibited a higher estimated prevalence of inadequacies for some nutrients, in particular vitamin b12 (69.9% in men and 83.4% in women <55 years of age), compared to meat-eaters.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] vegetarian and vegan diets can vary widely, but the empirical evidence largely relates to the nutritional content and health effects of the average diet of well-educated vegetarians living in western countries, together with some information on vegetarians in non-western countries.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] whether the corresponding health benefits in vegetarians outweigh the risks of nutrient deficiencies has not been fully clarified.

Is a vegan diet healthier than a vegetarian diet? [SEP] however, from the public health viewpoint the health benefits of a well-planned vegetarian diet far outweigh the potential risks. |||

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] both phenol and trichloroacetic acid may produce hypertrophic scars and/or keloids and pigmentation irregularities, may accentuate preexisting abnormalities (e.g., telangiectasias, nevi, and pores), and may be associated with a flare of latent herpesvirus infection.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] in the in vivo study, chlorophyllin, l. fermentum ccm 7421 and the combination of both additives on faecal microbiota, faecal organic acid concentrations, haematological and immunological parameters in dogs were tested.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] chlorophyllin (chl) is a chlorophyll derivative with anticarcinogen and antioxidant activities.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] antimicrobial activity of chlorophyllin against canine indicator bacteria was also detected.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] chlorophyllin (chl), a chlorophyll-derivative, exhibits several beneficial properties, including antibacterial, antioxidant, and anticancer activities.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] chlorophyllin (chl), a water-soluble derivative of chlorophyll, has been used for the treatment of several abnormal human conditions without apparent toxicity.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] chlorophyllin (chl), a sodium-copper-salt derived from chlorophyll, has been widely used as a food-dye, also reportedly having some anti-cancer effect.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] results showed no growth inhibition of strain ccm 7421 by 0.05-0.25 % of chlorophyllin in broth after 24 h. reduced growth of staphylococci, listeria monocytogenes and citrobacter freundii was observed at 1 % chlorophyllin (p < 0.05).

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] a pilot study (nct00316563) to determine if delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (thc) can improve taste and smell (chemosensory) perception as well as appetite, caloric intake, and quality of life (qol) for cancer patients with chemosensory alterations.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] in a real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction and an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, chl significantly decreased interleukin-8 (il-8) and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (mcp-1) production in a dose-dependent manner, decreasing both mrna and protein levels for these chemokines in thp-1 cells indicating the anti-inflammatory effects of it.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] chlorophyllin (chl), a water soluble semisynthetic derivative of the ubiquitous plant pigment chlorophyll used as a food additive, is recognized to confer a wide range of health benefits.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] we conclude that the chamomile tea eye washing can induce allergic conjunctivitis.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] chlorophyll is a valuable bioactive compound, which is used as a natural food coloring agent and a photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy because of its antioxidant properties, antimutagenic ability, and near-infrared fluorescence.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] numerous experimental and epidemiological studies have demonstrated that dietary supple-mentation of chl lowers the risk of cancer.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] chlorogenic acid has shown antimicrobial activity against a wide range of organisms,including bacteria, yeasts, molds, viruses, and amoebas.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] although most research has focused on its biological activities such as its antioxidant, antimutagenic, anti-inflammatory or apoptotic effects in humans or rodents, there is limited knowledge at this time about the combinative possibilities of chlorophyll with probiotic bacteria.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] phenol, one of the most widely used agents for inducing cutaneous exfoliation, may induce cardiac arrhythmias and is toxic to the liver and kidneys.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] therefore, based on these results, we suggest that chl is a useful agent to control the growth of p. acnes involved in acne inflammation and prevent acne.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] the first part of this review will discussthe role of chlorogenic acid as a nutraceutical for the prevention and treatment of metabolicsyndrome and associated disorders, including in vivo studies, clinical trials, and mechanisms ofaction.

Can taking chlorophyll change mouth or body odor? [SEP] these results indicate that chl can inhibit both tumor promotion and the progression of papillomagenesis in the two-stage mouse skin carcinogenesis induced by dmba and tpa. |||

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] pulmonary diseases are occasionally observed after exposure to chlorine.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] this study investigated the potential of chlorite as a nephrotoxic agent when administered for various lengths of time (30, 90, and 180 days) in a series of concentrations (4, 20, and 100 ppm as sodium chlorite) to c57l/j male via drinking water.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] qualitative study of a diverse sample of individuals living with a long-term urinary catheter.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] chloroform has been found in potable water and there is concern that significant dermal absorption may arise from daily bathing and other activities.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] in urostomy patients, peristomal skin problems are common and may stem from alkaline urine.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] we sought to determine whether its consumption would induce changes to urinary lithogenic factors beyond changes in urine volume.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] these findings provide further mechanistic evidence and biological plausibility for the role of cranberry products for preventing urinary tract infection.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] cranberry products can inhibit e. coli adherence to biologically relevant model systems of primary cultured bladder and vaginal epithelial cells.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] the valerolactone, o-methyl-m4-o-sulfate, a gut microbiota metabolite of catechins, was significantly increased 1.6-fold by uvr in blister fluid samples.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] an indwelling urinary catheter can solve the problem of incontinence and may be life-saving in individuals with retention, but it can cause problems such as infection and may have a negative impact on body image, sex, and sexuality.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] olfactory dysfunction significantly influences patients' quality of life.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] one potential alternative is chlorine dioxide which, when used, gives rise to the end product chlorite.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] when swimming pool water containing chlorinated cyanurates is inadvertently ingested, cyanuric acid is excreted quantitatively within 24 h as a urinary biomarker of ingestion.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] in conclusion, the repeated consumption of choline chloride via i.n.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] consumption of coconut water significantly increased urinary citrate (29%, p=0.02), urinary potassium (130%, p=0.01), and urinary chloride (37%, p=0.03), without affecting urine ph (p=0.16) or volume beyond that of tap water (p=1.00).

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] to explore the individual's perceptions of how a long-term urinary catheter can affect body image, sex, and sexuality; and to help gps to discuss the subject in consultations.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] preliminary reports using less complete analysis suggest that certain catechins and their metabolites are found in skin biopsies and blister fluid after consumption of green tea; however, it is not known if they are affected by solar-simulated ultraviolet radiation (uvr) or whether conjugated forms, with consequently altered bioactivity, are present.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] impairment of this arm of neutrophil bactericidal activity by cno- formed from urea may be one factor in the risk of urinary-tract infection associated with urinary stasis and perhaps in the generalized increase in susceptibility to infection in uraemic patients.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] to address these issues we tested the effect of a cranberry powder and proanthocyanidin extract on adherence of a p-fimbriated uropathogenic e. coli isolate to 2 new urogenital model systems, namely primary cultured bladder epithelial cells and vaginal epithelial cells.

Can taking chlorophyll affect the odor of urine in catheter wearers or stool in people with an artificial bowel outlet? [SEP] the increasing concern over the possibility of adverse health effects due to the chlorination of drinking water has led to a search for alternative methods of disinfection. |||

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] menstrual cups are increasingly used as alternatives to tampons, collecting menstrual fluid with very few side-effects, as previously reported in the literature.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] menstrual cups have been reported to be an acceptable substitute for tampons.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] the menstrual cup is gaining acceptance among women and it is important for clinicians to be aware of this device and possible complications associated with its use.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] these flexible cups have also been reported to provide a sustainable solution to menstrual management, with modest cost savings and no significant health risk.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] menstrual cup is increasingly gaining acceptance among women to control the menstrual period.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] the present article documents the first case of toxic shock syndrome associated with the use of a menstrual cup in a woman 37 years of age, using a menstrual cup for the first time.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] we compared the survivorship of tm cups with that of other uncemented cups in primary tha, and evaluated whether the use of tm cups is associated with a lower risk of ppi.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] toxic shock syndrome and the literature on menstrual cups is reviewed and a possible mechanism for the development of toxic shock syndrome in the patient is described.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] given their common use today, it is important that physicians become familiar with menstrual cups and are capable of recognizing cup misplacement to avoid complications such as hydronephrosis.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] some evidence show that tm cups might decrease periprosthetic infection (ppi) incidence.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] to assess the feasibility of the menstrual cup for short-term management of urinary leakage among women with vesicovaginal fistula (vvf).

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] we conducted a literature review in order to be able to list the reported side-effects of the use of menstrual cups.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] a repeated measures design compared volume of leakage with and without the cup via a 2-hr pad test among women with vvf seeking surgical repair at a health facility in ghana.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] it is unknown whether polyurethane-coated implants are less prone to biofilm colonization than other implant surfaces.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] to our knowledge, this study is the first to demonstrate a significant association between the microbiological profile of drainage fluid from closed-suction drains and the development of ssis in patients with prosthetic breast reconstructions.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to compare the incidence of urinary infection following sterile catheterisation after either (1) a handwash of 30 s and double gloving, (the shorter sterile technique) or (2) after a 3 minute wash from fingertips to elbows and the wearing of a sterile gown and one pair of gloves, (the longer sterile technique).

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] despite the increasing popularity of prosthetic breast reconstruction, scant data exist on the microbiological profile of drainage fluid from closed-suction drains and the relationship thereof to surgical-site infections (ssis) in breast reconstruction surgery.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] for women who had either tcus or cu-7s inserted, the pregnancy, expulsion and medical removal rates were similar for insertions performed at any time of the menstrual cycle.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] premenopausal women are reportedly at a higher risk than postmenopausal women of postoperative infection following vaginal hysterectomy.

Is the risk of bacterial or fungal infection comparable when using menstrual cups or pads? [SEP] this study aimed to determine whether bacteria isolated from drainage fluid were associated with the development of ssis, and whether the bacterial profile of drainage fluid could be a clinically useful predictor of ssis. |||

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] edelweiss cell cultures could be a valuable source of anti-inflammatory substances potentially applicable for chronic inflammatory skin diseases and bacterial and atherogenic inflammation.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] edelweiss (leontopodium alpinum cass.)

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] berries of common sea-buckthorn (hippophaë rhamnoides l.) are well-known and used for their bioactive components, and while there is a considerable amount of research on the leaves as well, their ellagitannins (ets) have not been a prominent focus of research.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] the analgesic properties of epilobium angustifolium (ea), a plant containing flavonoids with anti-inflammatory activity, have not been sufficiently studied so far.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] although several biological properties have already been described regarding the beneficial effect of luteolin in the cardiovascular and renal system, no scientific research explored its potential effect as a diuretic agent in experimental trials.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] lentinula edodes, has been utilized as food, as well as, in popular medicine, moreover, its extract isolated from its mycelium and fruiting body have shown several therapeutic properties.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] the aim of our experiment was to purify lectin fraction from ep roots and evaluate its biological activity in vitro as well as its effect on kidney morphology in vivo.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] although the pharmacological effects of extracts of leonuri herba have been shown in platelets and uteri, the effect on the vascular system has not been determined.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] despite its widespread use owing to its health benefits, epidemiologic and experimental studies that address the biological activities of lnt after oral administration to animals or humans are rare.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] several studies have reported the beneficial effects of lawsonia inermis on wound healing, but the mechanism of action is still unknown.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] however, the preparative method for lin enriched extract from dendranthema indicum flowers was not clear and its antihypertensive effect was not confirmed.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] however, no scientific studies about the effectiveness of lce, their responsible bioactive constituents, and its mechanisms against endothelial dysfunction have been performed.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] ellagitannin-rich plant materials are widely used in traditional medicine as effective, internally used anti-inflammatory agents.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] leucas aspera (lamiaceae), an aromatic herbaceous plant, is well known for many medicinal properties and a number of bioactive compounds against animal cells have been isolated.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] dendropanax morbifera leveille (araliaceae) has been used in traditional oriental remedies for cancer, inflammation, diabetes, and thrombosis.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] in this study, we designed a series of experiments to develop an efficient method for purification of lin extracts and confirm the possibility of lin extracts to be an antihypertensive drug.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] our findings provide valuable evidence that e. japonica leaves have potential applications as ingredients of function foods or cosmetics for health benefits and a number of triterpenoids may play an important role in these bioactivities.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] enicostemma littorale (el) blume is one of the herbs widely used for treating and alleviating the effects of both type i and type ii diabetes.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] the analgesic activity of (-)-linalool (lin), a monoterpene present in essential oils of lamiaceae species, has been previously demonstrated in rodents.

Laboratory experiments indicate that leoligin and other substances from edelweiss have a medicinal effect. However, this has not been researched in humans. [SEP] pharmacological activities of archidendron lucidum, a leguminosae family member have never been explored. |||

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] performing double-bar placement decreases postoperative pain.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] it lessens the common tendency for hyperextension of the neck and for the use of the lower back as a major joint in sitting and standing.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] theoretically, the shape of the bar will enhance gripping comfort and increase muscular endurance.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] to introduce a newly designed massage instrument, the hand grip t-bar (ht-bar) and use it to relieve chronic non-specific low back pain (nlbp) through deep cross-friction massage (roptrotherapy).

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] our study compares bar stabilization techniques in two groups of patients, respectively, with and without the metal stabilizer.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] this study suggests that deep cross-friction massage can be a beneficial therapeutic technique and that the ht-bar can be a useful instrument in deep cross-friction massage for chronic nlbp patients.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] clinical evaluation: the intensity of postoperative pain was compared between patients for whom a single-bar was used (single-bar group: n = 14) and those for whom double bars (double-bar group: n = 10) were used to correct the thoracic deformity.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] this biomechanical study aims to elucidate whether additional bar application increases postoperative pain after the nuss procedure for pectus excavatum.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] the study aimed to assess the acute effect of flexible bar exercise and subjective fatigue on scapulothoracic muscle activity, shoulder proprioception, and shoulder abduction force of subjects with and without symptoms of subacromial pain syndrome.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] the literature describes that habitually adopted relaxed postures often exacerbate low back pain.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] there is currently no evidence about the effects of neuromuscular facilitation after the use of a flexible bar on scapulothoracic muscle activity in individuals with subacromial pain syndrome.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] the acute effects of flexible bar exercise and subjective fatigue were unable to influence scapulothoracic muscle activation, shoulder joint position sense, and isometric shoulder abduction force in subacromial pain syndrome.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] theoretical evaluation: stresses on the thoraces were smaller when double bars were applied than when a single bar was applied.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] a short-term flexible bar exercise was performed to assess the vibratory stimulus effects on scapulothoracic muscle activity, shoulder proprioception, and shoulder abduction force, and the same exercise was performed on a long-term basis to assess the effects of subjective fatigue.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] this non-prosthetic pectus deformity repair was effective with low serious morbidity and high patient satisfaction without the inherent disadvantages of using a metal bar.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] bar stabilization by the pericostal endo close suture technique appears to have no increase in morbidity or migration compared with the metal lateral stabilizer technique.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] the results of this investigation indicate that a fixed and stable tri-bar may help to increase hang time, but a tri-bar free to rotate within the grasp may decrease grasping time in comparison to a standard round handle.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] much discussion exists about which is the most effective technique to improve spine stability.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] with regard to exercises that require isometric grasping, the tri-bar may be an effective alternative to the standard bar for increasing isometric grasping endurance.

Can a straight bar improve harmless tension and pain in the neck and back? [SEP] in our experience, the placement of a metal stabilizer did not reduce the rate of bar dislocation. |||

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] a systematic review of scientific literature on possible harmful effects on child development of ultrasound investigation during pregnancy.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] it is concluded that there is no adverse effect of ultrasound examinations during pregnancy on child development outcomes.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] ultrasound is a common procedure performed in pregnancy.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] ultrasound is an essential imaging tool for evaluating physiological and pathological fetal or maternal conditions during pregnancy.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] ultrasound technology offers valuable information when used as a diagnostic tool during a pregnancy at risk for complications.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] a large number of foetuses are scanned on a routine basis and although it is generally assumed that prenatal ultrasound is safe; very few studies have in fact focused on possible adverse effects in humans.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] the use of ultrasound in obstetrics nowadays is an integral part of prenatal care.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] all studies demonstrated that ultrasound examinations during pregnancy increased the risk of undesirable developmental outcomes.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] many clinicians advocate routine ultrasound screening during pregnancy to detect congenital anomalies, multiple-gestation pregnancies, fetal growth disorders, placental abnormalities, and errors in the estimation of gestational age.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] we have reviewed the epidemiological studies of human exposure to diagnostic ultrasound during pregnancy.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] the aim is to assess the attitude of antenatal women toward sonography in pregnancy.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] most fetuses in developed countries are exposed in utero to diagnostic ultrasound examination.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] ultrasonographic evaluation, as a routine component of prenatal care, has significantly contributed to in utero assessment of pregnancy status.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] prenatal ultrasound (us) is commonly used as a routine procedure on pregnant women.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] ultrasound is currently the modality of choice for examination of the fetus in pregnancy.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] our aim was to investigate the possible effects of multiple prenatal ultrasound scans on growth and development in childhood.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] the authors conclude that cholecystosonography should be performed on pregnant patients sent for ultrasonic examination.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] the interest in studying routine ultrasound in pregnancy has provided useful results that can be applied to practice.

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] most guidelines on ultrasound examinations during pregnancy do not recommend routine early pregnancy scan in uncomplicated and asymptomatic pregnancies (ie, before 10 weeks based on last menstrual period).

Are ultrasound examinations during pregnancy safe for the health of the child? [SEP] the potential risk and benefit of obstetric ultrasound must be better understood before this procedure is used as a screening tool in large populations. |||

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] several herb species classified as oregano have been widely used in folk medicine to alleviate inflammation-related diseases, respiratory and digestive disorders, headaches, rheumatism, diabetes and others.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] oregano (origanum vulgare l.) is a common aromatic plant used in mediterranean and asian regions for treating respiratory diseases, painful menstruation, rheumatoid arthritis, etc.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] oregano essential oil was and is used with the purpose of flavoring and aromatizing food.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] in this study, the oregano essential oil showed remarkable antioxidant activity in olive oil.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] moreover, oregano oil showed antibacterial activity against bacteria associated with food poisoning.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] this study determined whether oregano essential oil (oeo) exerts an anti-inflammatory effect on lipopolysaccharide (lps)-treated murine macrophage cells (raw264.7 cells) in vitro and elucidated the possible underlying molecular mechanisms.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] the results revealed a promising potential of oregano for preventing diabetes complications in the long term and an antiinflammatory efficacy by inhibiting soybean lipoxygenase.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] the aim of this manuscript is to summarize the latest studies on the identification and distribution of flavonoids and phenolic compounds from oregano species and their potential antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer health benefits.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] oregano medicinal properties, such as antioxidant and anti-inflammatory, have been partially attributed to its polyphenolic content.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] many health effects can be attributed to the mediterranean herb oregano (origanum vulgare l.) and several studies demonstrated the improving effect on performance, changes in blood count, antibacterial, antifungal and immunmodulating abilities.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] health beneficial effects of carvacrol obtained from oregano oil have been shown scientifically.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] essential oils (eo) from oregano may have antimicrobial properties, potentially representing a methane mitigation strategy suitable for organic production.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] this study aimed to characterize the in vitro antioxidant and antibacterial properties of oregano (origanum vulgare) essential oil, as well as its chemical composition.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] among oregano properties, its antioxidant and antibacterial effects are particularly interesting.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] oregano essential oil retards lipid oxidation process in olive oil prolonging its shelf life.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] oregano essential oil composition was analyzed by gc-ms.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] different oregano species have been traditionally used as infusions in folk medicine.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] the present data indicated that olive oil has antinociceptive and anti-inflammatory effects in mice but further investigation of these effects is required to elucidate the mechanism(s) involved in analgesic and anti-inflammatory effects of olea europaea oil.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] the objective of this study was to evaluate the preserving effect of oregano (origanum vulgare l. spp vulgare called "oregano compacto") essential oil on physical and chemical properties in extra virgin olive oil during storage.

Can oregano oil relieve discomfort or disease? [SEP] these potential health benefits are partially attributed to the phytochemical compounds in oregano such as flavonoids (fl) and phenolic acids (pa). |||

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] we studied the efficacy of a combination of bach-flower remedies in subjects with test anxiety in a randomized, placebo-controlled, blinded parallel group design, with crossing over the placebo group to remedies after the first phase.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] we conclude that bach-flower remedies are an effective placebo for test anxiety and do not have a specific effect.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] the use of bach flower remedies has brought about positive emotional changes in the majority of clients in this study.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] bach flower remedies are thought to help balance emotional state and are commonly recommended by practitioners for psychological problems and pain.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] flower remedies (also called "bach" flower remedies) are used by an increasing number of individuals, and many health claims have been made for them.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] the indication is that potential for bach flower remedies as a therapeutic agent in the relief of pain does exist and is worthy of further qualitative and quantitative investigation through robust, purpose-designed studies to replicate and progress the results shown here.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] we assessed whether bach flower remedies (bfrs) are safe and efficacious for these indications by performing a systematic review of the literature.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] bach flower remedies continue to be popular and its proponents make a range of medicinal claims for them.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] bach-flower remedies are a type of alternative medication used increasingly for over-the-counter self-help purposes.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] this paper explores the potentiality of bach flower remedies as a means of pain relief through a retrospective case-study analysis to establish how clients suffering with painful conditions responded to the therapy.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] the relationship between homeopathy and the dr bach system of flower remedies is explored.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] bach flower remedies consist of 38 remedies which are designed as a system of emotional healing.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] state and trait anxiety scores showed a decrease in posttest study phase in comparison with pretest in all experimental groups (p < 0.005), especially in those where aromatherapy and mindfulness meditation were used together.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] this was an open study of self-treatment with self-selected bach flower essences.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] the goal of this study was to verify whether association of aromatherapy with essential oils of satureja brevicalyx or satureja boliviana and mindfulness meditation can reduce anxiety levels in humans.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] although many botanicals have been proposed as putative remedies for anxiety symptoms, there has been a paucity of controlled trials of these remedies.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] participants' expectancy of the effect of flower essences, attitudes to complementary medicine, holistic health beliefs, absorption, and spirituality were measured prior to treatment.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] different plants belonging to the tilia genus have shown their efficacy in the treatment of anxiety but still little is known about the mechanism of action of their bud extracts.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] three rcts of bfrs for students with examination anxiety, and one rct of bfrs for children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd) showed no overall benefit in comparison to placebo.

Are Bach flower remedies effective in helping with test anxiety? [SEP] homeopathy and bach flower remedies (bfrs), historically-related complementary healing modalities classified as prescription/nonprescription drugs and over-the-counter homeopathic nutritional supplements, respectively, are compared with respect to indications, dosage philosophies, associated procedures, reported outcomes, safety profiles, and the possible operation of the placebo effect. |||

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] our intention was to objectify and quantify histamine-associated symptoms and to analyse whether oral administration of the histamine-degrading enzyme diamine oxidase (dao) caused a reduction of symptoms.

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] diamine oxidase (dao) administration has been proposed to treat certain gastrointestinal dysfunctions induced by histamine, an immunomodulator, signaling, and pro-inflammatory factor.

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] histamine intolerance is thought to trigger manifold clinical symptoms after ingesting histamine-rich food due to reduced activity of diamine oxidase (dao).

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] intestinal diamine oxidase (dao) acts as a protective barrier against exogenous histamine.

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] diamine oxidase (dao) is the main enzyme for the metabolism of ingested histamine.

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] several years ago, the oral administration of copper-containing diamine oxidase (dao), also called histaminase, able to oxidatively deaminate biogenic amines, had been suggested as a food supplement to control food allergy and enteric dysfunctions.

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] diamine oxidase (dao) catabolizes and inactivates histamine, a key player in a wide range of invalidating conditions, such as migraine and chronic spontaneous urticaria (csu).

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] histamine intolerance is a disorder in the homeostasis of histamine due to a reduced intestinal degradation of this amine, mainly caused by a deficiency in the enzyme diamine oxidase (dao).

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] histamine intolerance is a disorder in the homeostasis of histamine due to a reduced intestinal degradation of this amine, mainly caused by a deficiency in the enzyme diamine oxidase (dao).

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] the main enzyme for metabolizing ingested histamine is diamine oxidase (dao).

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] histamine intolerance is a disorder in the homeostasis of histamine due to a reduced intestinal degradation of this amine, mainly caused by diamine oxidase (dao) enzyme deficiency, which provokes its accumulation in plasma and the appearance of adverse health affects.

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] the intake of dao demonstrated a statistically significant reduction of histamine-associated symptoms compared to placebo (p = 0.014).

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] sildanefil's potency as inhibitor of diamine oxidase was investigated, as side effects may also be induced by histamine itself due to an impaired histamine metabolism.

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] it appears that treatment of food histaminosis using a combination of vegetal dao and catalase would protect against histamine toxicity and prevent h2o2-induced damage that may occur during histamine oxidative deamination.

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] these reactions seem to be due to impaired histamine metabolism caused by reduced diamine oxidase activity.

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] as side effects of sildenafil are not caused due to inhibition of diamine oxidase, sildenafil citrate seems to be harmless for patients suffering from histamine intolerance.

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] a deficit of dao activity can lead to the appearance of histamine intolerance, a clinical condition that may be treated by a low-histamine diet and oral dao supplementation to enhance intestinal histamine degradation.

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] furthermore, our results showed the benefit of a histamine-free diet because after the diet the majority of symptoms disappeared and the serum dao activity significantly increased.

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] in healthy persons, dietary histamine can be sufficiently metabolized by amine oxidases, whereas persons with low amine oxidase activity are at risk of histamine toxicity.

Can capsules with diamine oxidase alleviate or prevent symptoms of histamine intolerance? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to investigate to which extent dao from white pea (lathyrus sativus), alone or in combination with catalase, may modulate histamine toxicity in the human intestinal caco-2 cell line. |||

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] magnesium, an n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonist and calcium-channel blocker, has previously been investigated for its analgesic properties.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] oral magnesium significantly alleviated the frequency and intensity of migraine (ors = 0.20 and 0.27).

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] magnesium is an n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonist that functions as an analgesic.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] to summarise the evidence for use of intravenous magnesium for analgesic effect in caesarean section patients.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] it has been suggested that magnesium (mg) may play a role in the pathogenesis of headaches.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] to evaluate the effects of intravenous magnesium on acute migraine attacks and oral magnesium supplements on migraine prophylaxis.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] intrathecal magnesium has been found to prolong the duration of analgesia in various surgical procedures like lower limb surgeries and as adjuncts to general anesthesia for pain management.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] previous studies investigating the effect of intravenous and oral magnesium on acute migraine attacks and the prevention of migraine have produced equivocal findings.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] migraine attack has been associated with magnesium deficiency.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] intravenous and oral magnesium should be adapted as parts of multimodal approach to reduce migraine.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] of which, 11 studies investigated the effects of intravenous magnesium on acute migraine (948 participants) and 10 examined the effects of oral magnesium on migraine prophylaxis (789 participants).

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] the role of magnesium in treating acute myocardial infarction (ami) has been controversial.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] preoperative intravenous magnesium may decrease total postcaesarean rescue analgesia consumption with few side effects; however, small sample size and heterogeneity of methodology in included trials restricts the ability to draw strong conclusions.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] intravenous magnesium significantly relieved acute migraine within 15 - 45 minutes, 120 minutes, and 24 hours after the initial infusion (odd ratios [ors] = 0.23, 0.20, and 0.25, respectively).

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] intravenous magnesium has proved to be valuable in the treatment of cardiac arrhythmias and eclampsia, but the specific mode of action is not established.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] intravenous magnesium reduces acute migraine attacks within 15 - 45 minutes, 120 minutes, and 24 hours after the initial infusion and oral magnesium alleviates the frequency and intensity of migraine.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] there is evidence to suggest that magnesium (mg2+) is beneficial in the treatment of a number of conditions, including pre-eclampsia and acute myocardial infarction.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] the present study was designed to examine whether addition of intrathecal magnesium sulfate would enhance the analgesic efficacy of intrathecal bupivacaine and fentanyl in patients undergoing total abdominal hysterectomy.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] magnesium is an abundant intracellular cation that has been used for years in the treatment of hyper-tension and seizures associated with eclampsia of pregnancy as well as used as a tocolytic agent.

Does magnesium help with period pain? [SEP] several small clinical trials indicate that magnesium may have a role in treating ami early, whereas the other results suggest that magnesium is of questionable benefit. |||

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] mean (sd) total score on the motor unified parkinson disease rating scale score improved significantly from 33.1 (13.8) at baseline to 23.2 (10.5) after cannabis consumption (t = 5.9; p < 0.001).

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] cannabis has been used for medicinal purpose for thousands of years; however the positive and negative effects of cannabis use in parkinson's disease (pd) and multiple sclerosis (ms) are mostly unknown.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] twenty-two patients with pd attending the motor disorder clinic of a tertiary medical center in 2011 to 2012 were evaluated at baseline and 30 minutes after smoking cannabis using the following battery: unified parkinson disease rating scale, visual analog scale, present pain intensity scale, short-form mcgill pain questionnaire, as well as medical cannabis survey national drug and alcohol research center questionnaire.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] the study suggests that cannabis might have a place in the therapeutic armamentarium of pd.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] the aim of the present open-label observational study was to assess the clinical effect of cannabis on motor and non-motor symptoms of pd.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] studies suggest cannabis may improve symptoms like pain and muscle spasticity in patients with multiple sclerosis (pwms).

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] cannabis therapy has been considered an effective treatment for spasticity, although clinical reports of symptom reduction in multiple sclerosis (ms) describe mixed outcomes.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] for many years, multiple sclerosis (ms) patients have been self-medicating with illegal street cannabis to alleviate symptoms associated with ms. data from animal models of ms and clinical studies have supported the anecdotal data that cannabis can improve symptoms such as limb spasticity, which are commonly associated with progressive ms, by the modulation of excessive neuronal signalling.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] experimental studies into the biology of the endocannabinoid system have revealed that cannabinoids have activity, not only in symptom relief but also potentially in neuroprotective strategies which may slow disease progression and thus delay the onset of symptoms such as spasticity.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] however, cannabinoids may still affect the glial response within the damaged central nervous system, which facilitate the slow, neurodegenerative processes that account for progressive neurodegeneration, and therefore may have utility in addition to value of cannabis-related drugs for symptom control.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] cannabis may have positive impacts on mood, memory, fatigue, and obesity status in people with pd and ms. further studies using clinically and longitudinally assessed measurements of these domains are needed to establish if these associations are causal and determine the long-term benefits and consequences of cannabis use in people with pd and ms.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] in particular, cannabis is purported to have beneficial effects on a wide range of neuropsychiatric conditions.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] cannabis users reported lower levels of disability, specifically in domains of mood, memory, and fatigue (p<0.040).

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] there has been renewed interest in the value of cannabis for the control of neuroinflammatory conditions such as multiple sclerosis, where it has been shown to have some effect on spasticity and pain both experimentally and in clinical trials in humans.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] we found evidence that combined thc and cbd extracts may provide therapeutic benefit for ms spasticity symptoms.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] this has lead to cannabis-based medicines being approved for the treatment of pain and spasticity in ms for the first time.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] the purpose of the present review was to systematically evaluate the effectiveness of combined thc and cbd extracts on ms-related spasticity in order to increase understanding of the treatment's potential effectiveness, safety and limitations.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] however, it is currently unknown if cannabis can stimulate striatal dopamine neurotransmission in humans.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] our aim was to assess cannabis use in pd and ms and compare results of self-reported assessments of neurological disability between current cannabis users and non-users.

Does cannabis improve symptoms of Parkinson's disease, for example movement disorders? [SEP] there is increasing interest in the therapeutic potential of cannabis-based medicinal extracts in multiple sclerosis. |||

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] nattokinase has been growing in popularity for use as a dietary supplement for the benefit of cardiovascular health.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] nattokinase is a potent fibrinolytic protease, which is used as a drug for treatment or a supplement for preventing thrombosis besides various industrial applications.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] nattokinase is a thrombolytic enzyme obtained from japanese traditional food natto for prevention and cure of thrombosis-related cardiovascular diseases.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] in this study, we hypothesized that nattokinase could reduce certain factors of blood clotting and lipids that are associated with an increase risk for cardiovascular disease (cvd).

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] nattokinase is an enzyme derived from a popular fermented soybean preparation in japan (natto), which has fibrinolytic properties and is gaining popularity in nontraditional health journals and nonmedical health websites as an over-the-counter thrombolytic.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] in summary, this study showed that oral administration of nattokinase could be considered as a cvd nutraceutical by decreasing plasma levels of fibrinogen, factor vii, and factor viii.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate whether supplementation with nattokinase, which is considered one of the most active functional ingredients found in natto, alters hemostatic factors.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] all subjects ingested 2 capsules of nattokinase (2000 fibrinolysis units per capsule) daily orally for 2 months.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] we have previously demonstrated that natto-extracts containing nattokinase (nk) inactivates plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 and then potentiates fibrinolytic activity.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] we believe this is the first documented case of nattokinase being used as a substitute for warfarin after valve replacement, and we strongly discourage its use for this purpose.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] this study intended to (1) detect nattokinase directly and immunologically, (2) show that nattokinase and/or its metabolites were detectable in human blood following ingestion of a commercial preparation, and (3) chart a pharmacokinetic dosing effect for nattokinase.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] after 2 months of administration, fibrinogen, factor vii, and factor viii decreased 9%, 14%, and 17%, respectively, for the healthy group; 7%, 13%, and 19%, respectively, for the cardiovascular group; and 10%, 7%, and 19%, respectively, for the dialysis group, whereas blood lipids were unaffected by nattokinase.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] this work demonstrates the availability of bilayer shell-core structure design in oral delivery of nattokinase and shows its high potential for application as an anti-thrombosis functional food additive.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] after nearly a year of use of nattokinase without warfarin, the patient developed thrombus on the mechanical valve and underwent successful repeat valve replacement.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] due to its strong fibrinolytic and thrombolytic activity, nk is regarded as a valuable dietary supplement or nutraceutical for the oral thrombolytic therapy.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] in the present study, we investigated the effects of dietary supplementation with natto-extracts on neointima formation and on thrombolysis at the site of endothelial injury.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] the present study aimed to produce a soluble nattokinase in low cost media, which has with high activity and resistance to metal ions, detergents, and organic solvents, and can be easily used in medicines or as detergents.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] the existence of a potent fibrinolytic enzyme (nattokinase, nk) in the traditional fermented food called 'natto', was reported by us previously.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] nattokinase (nk) is a serine protease extracted from a traditional japanese food called natto.

Is the dietary supplement nattokinase effective and safe as a blood thinner? [SEP] in conclusion, nattokinase supplementation was associated with prolonged c-epi ct and aptt in nondiabetic and borderline-to-moderate hypercholesterolemic subjects. |||

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] to determine whether the feldenkrais method is an effective intervention for chronic neck/scapular pain in patients with visual impairment.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] patients undergoing feldenkrais method reported significantly less pain than the controls according to the vas and visual, musculoskeletal, and balance complaints questionnaire ratings at posttreatment follow-up and 1-year follow-up.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] feldenkrais method is an effective intervention for chronic neck/scapular pain in patients with visual impairment.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] to determine the efficacy of the feldenkrais method for relieving pain in patients with chronic low back pain (clbp) and the improvement of interoceptive awareness.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] in conclusion our results demonstrate for the first time that the treatment with the feldenkrais method changes muscle tone leading to a more relaxed supine position with respect to pressure and contact surface on the mat.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] to investigate the effect of the feldenkrais method versus core stability exercises on pain, disability, quality of life and interoceptive awareness in patients with chronic non-specific low back pain.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] feldenkrais, massage therapy, and spinal manipulation are discussed in detail.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] implications for rehabilitation the feldenkrais method is a mind-body therapy that is based on awareness through movement lessons, which are verbally guided explorations of movement that are conducted by a physiotherapist who is experienced and trained in this method.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to quantify the results of a feldenkrais method-awareness through movement-involving a neck flexion task.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] the efficacy of the feldenkrais method is comparable with that of bs for nonspecific chronic low back pain.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] feldenkrais method intervention gave increased benefits in improving quality of life, improving interoceptive awareness and reducing disability index.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] sixty patients with chronic non-specific low back pain randomised equally into the feldenkrais method versus core stability exercises groups.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] the inefficacy of conventional strategies to elicit postural correction has prompted many to seek alternative techniques such as the feldenkrais method®.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] the study examined 30 normal subjects to determine if a feldenkrais awareness through movement sequence would result in an increase in neck flexion range of motion and if the subjects would indicate a significantly lower level of perceived effort posttest.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] intervention group received feldenkrais method consisting of training theoretical content and supervised exercise therapy two sessions per week for five weeks.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] to determine whether a course of feldenkrais bodywork would result in significant improvement in physical, mood symptoms and functioning in multiple sclerosis (ms) patients beyond the effects observed using a sham condition (nontherapeutic bodywork).

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] based on these findings, further investigation of feldenkrais methods in the treatment of patients appears warranted.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] the bodywork method used was the feldenkrais method.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] feldenkrais methods appear to be gaining popularity and utilization by physical therapists.

Is the Feldenkrais Method effective against pain and tension in the neck, shoulders and back? [SEP] the results have generally indicated some improvement with feldenkrais® interventions, however, these improvements are not nearly as large as suggested by the anecdotal claims. |||

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] our objectives were to appreciate the effect of 1-month tap water bathing on the submerged skin of ad patients, and to evaluate the proportion of ad patients in favour of baths.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] bathing is a therapeutic measure commonly advised in atopic dermatitis (ad).

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] methods: the efficacy of two complementary bath products was studied and compared.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] this study aims to determine whether 15-minute to 20-minute baths followed by topical corticosteroid application (prehydration therapy) are effective for clearing moderate to severe ad.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] although the favorable climates of balneotherapy thermal centers have known beneficial effects on psoriasis and atopic dermatitis, the thermal spring waters themselves can also potentially decrease skin inflammation.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] skin surface ph and roughness were comparable in both groups and remained unchanged, while both groups showed a trend to improvement in dry skin symptoms conclusions: this pragmatic trial provides empirical evidence that the regular use of the investigated bath oil is effective in improving the skin barrier function in children and adults with mild dry skin when used in routine skin care and supports its use as a basic element for the management of a broad spectrum of dry skin conditions.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] background: few standardized bath product clinical trials were performed for atopic dermatitis patients.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] we have reviewed the literature on balneotherapy in the treatment of skin diseases, as well as describing their use in three different treatment sites, each with unique climates and chemical properties of the mineral water used in balneotherapy-the dead sea in israel and jordan, the la roche-posay thermal center in france, and the blue lagoon in iceland.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] the combination of a chinese herbal medicine (chm) bath and narrowband ultraviolet b (nb-uvb) improved the efficacy of nb-uvb treatment of psoriasis vulgaris, but bath therapy is inconvenient.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] in one group, nine ad patients were subjected to bathing with a pine-tar bath oil for 10⁻15 min daily for four weeks.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] efficacy and acceptability of the bath products were measured by patient general acceptability of treatment (gat: very, good, fair or poor), disease severity (scorad: scoring atopic dermatitis), quality of life (cdlqi: children dermatology life quality index), and pertinent clinical parameters were measured before and after four weeks of treatment.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] soak and smear (ss), a technique whereby a bath is followed by topical corticosteroid (tcs) application to wet skin, is reported to be a beneficial adjunctive therapy for patients with recalcitrant atopic dermatitis (ad).

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] sitz bath is frequently recommended by physicians for a variety of anal disorders including anal fissure.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] whether baths improve skin condition remains yet unclear.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] combined treatment using salt water baths and artificial ultraviolet (uv) radiation (balneophototherapy, bpt) is a common therapeutic option for conditions such as psoriasis.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] a medline search of the last 30 years was performed in november 2012 using the medical subject heading terms 'atopic dermatitis' or 'eczema' combined with 'baths' or 'bath' or 'hydrotherapy' or 'cleansing' or 'soak'.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] regarding the different type of eczema, bath-puva proved to be more successful in the dyshidrotic type of eczema as compared to the hyperkeratotic type in non-smokers (p<0.05).

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] the aim of the present study was to determine whether sitz bath does have any therapeutic properties improving upon a patient's postoperative symptoms after a closed lateral sphincterotomy.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] the use of bath additives such as oils is common to reduce dry skin, but empirical evidence supporting this practice is limited.

Does an alkaline bath help with neurodermatitis? [SEP] there was no strong evidence to support the use of sitz bath for pain relief, and accelerate fissure or wound healing among adult patients with anorectal disorders, however no complications were reported. |||

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] birch buds (gemmae betulae) are widely used in russian and chinese traditional medicine mainly as a diuretic and diaphoretic agent but also as an antiseptic, anti-inflammatory and analgesic.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] birch bud extracts could be a promising source of compounds with cytotoxic activity against various cancers.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] this circumstance warrants further study of the chemistry and pharmacology of birch buds.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] despite the long history of therapeutic use of birch buds in folk medicine, the existing information on their chemical composition and pharmacological effects is insufficient.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] in addition to their conventional benefits, birches synthesize a wide range of secondary metabolites having pharmacological significance.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] the rich chemical composition of birch buds suggests the possibility of a wider spectrum of biological activity than previously thought.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] betula utilis, also known as himalayan silver birch has been used as a traditional medicine for many health ailments like inflammatation, hiv, renal and bladder disorders as well as many cancers from ages.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] the sq tree slit-tablet (containing birch extract) proved clinically significant effects during the pollen season for birch as well as alder/hazel.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] the results of the biological assay indicated that birch bud extracts demonstrated time- and concentration-dependent and differential cytotoxicity.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] we hypothesize that birch pollen extract ait modulate a highly cross-reactive immune response and that this may be the basis for the observed clinical cross-protection.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] the present study was designed to investigate (a) the chemical composition of buds from two species of white birch and (b) the in vitro cytotoxic effect of extracts from these sources on selected tumour cells.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] immune outcomes of this treatment for allergens from multiple birch homologous trees needs further investigation.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] blood samples were collected from 397 birch allergic patients during sq tree slit-tablet or placebo treatment (1:1) for up to 40 weeks.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] slit achieved a significant clinical benefit in birch pollinosis, reduced the eosinophil infiltration in nasal mucosa, and significantly improved pulmonary function during the pollen seasons.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] balneotherapy is a clinically effective complementary approach in the treatment of low-grade inflammation- and stress-related pathologies.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] balneotherapy is a clinically effective complementary approach in the treatment of low-grade inflammation- and stress-related pathologies.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] t-cell reactivity was observed throughout the birch homologous group.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] the role of water in regulating stomatal aperture and carbon assimilation of mountain birch (betula pubescens ehrh.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] the biological mechanisms by which immersion in mineral-medicinal water and the application of mud alleviate symptoms of several pathologies are still not completely understood, but it is known that neuroendocrine and immunological responses—including both humoral and cell-mediated immunity—to balneotherapy are involved in these mechanisms of effectiveness; leading to anti-inflammatory, analgesic, antioxidant, chondroprotective, and anabolic effects together with neuroendocrine-immune regulation in different conditions.

Does birch water, also called birch sap, help with health problems? [SEP] the biological mechanisms by which immersion in mineral-medicinal water and the application of mud alleviate symptoms of several pathologies are still not completely understood, but it is known that neuroendocrine and immunological responses—including both humoral and cell-mediated immunity—to balneotherapy are involved in these mechanisms of effectiveness; leading to anti-inflammatory, analgesic, antioxidant, chondroprotective, and anabolic effects together with neuroendocrine-immune regulation in different conditions. |||

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] oolong tea could decrease body fat content and reduce body weight through improving lipid metabolism.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] chronic consumption of oolong tea may prevent against obesity.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] oolong tea is a traditional chinese tea that has long been believed to be beneficial to health such as decreasing body fat.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] several studies have evaluated the effects of oolong tea extracts on obesity.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] oolong tea is traditionally reported to have anti-obesity and hypolipidaemic effects.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] oolong tea has been studied for its effect on cardiovascular disease and obesity.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] according to traditional chinese belief, oolong tea is effective in the control of body weight.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] to determine the anti-obesity effects of oolong tea on diet-induced overweight or obesity.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] the present study was performed to clarify whether oolong tea prevented obesity induced in mice by the oral administration of a high-fat diet for 10 weeks.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] the results suggest that oolong tea may be an effective crude drug for the treatment of obesity and fatty liver caused by a high-fat diet.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] oolong tea prevented the obesity and fatty liver induced by a high-fat diet.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] a total of 8 g of oolong tea a day for 6 weeks was ingested by 102 diet-induced overweight or obese subjects.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] high-fat diet-induced obese mice were treated with oolong tea for 10 weeks.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] we were interested in this assertion and tried to evaluate the effect of oolong tea on energy expenditure (ee) in comparison with green tea.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] these results suggest that otpp is responsible for the suppression of hypertriglyceridemia by ingestion of oolong tea.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] this study investigated the specific anti-obesity capabilities of oolong tea polysaccharide (tps) and tea polyphenols (tpp) in high-fat diet-induced sprague-dawley rats.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] in the present study, we evaluated the suppressive effects of oolong tea extract and otpp on postprandial hypertriglyceridemia in rats and mice.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] oolong tea extract inhibited pancreatic lipase activity.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] it was demonstrated that the anti-obesity effects of oolong tea in high-fat diet-treated mice might be due partly to the enhancing effect of caffeine isolated from oolong tea on noradrenaline-induced lipolysis in adipose tissue, and to the inhibitory action of some other substance in oolong tea on pancreatic lipase activity.

Is oolong tea an effective way to lose weight? [SEP] moreover, consumption of oolong tea for the longest duration was found to be associated with 3.22, 11.99 and 6.69% lower blood total cholesterol, tag and ldl-cholesterol levels, respectively. |||

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] recent neurophysiological studies indicate that exposure to electromagnetic fields (emfs) generated by mobile phone radiation can exert effects on brain activity.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] modern mobile phones emit electromagnetic fields (emf) ranging from 900 to 2000 mhz which are suggested to have an influence on well-being, attention and neurological parameters in mobile phone users.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] the present study investigated whether mobile phone chips that are applied to mobile phones reduce effects of emfs emitted by mobile phone radiation on electroencephalographic (eeg) brain activity in a laboratory study.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] the widespread use of cell phone in recent years has raised many questions whether their use is safe to operator who is exposed to electromagnetic waves (emv).

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] electromagnetic shielding fabrics may limit and inhibit electromagnetic waves.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] one technical solution to reduce effects of emfs in mobile phone use is provided in mobile phone chips that are applied to mobile phones or attached to their surfaces.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] although there is no clear evidence to show harmful physiological effects of electromagnetic fields (emf) at the levels used by mobile phones, there is widespread public concern that there may be potential for harm.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] exposure of human bodies to the electromagnetic waves emitted in various ways in our daily lives has become a growing concern.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] the broadband analysis revealed no significant effect on teoaes related to exposure, confirming results of previous studies; in addition, no significant change was detected in the analysis of the elementary wavelet components, suggesting that the temporal and spectral fine structure of teoaes is not affected by 10 min exposure to low-intensity emfs emitted by gsm mobile phones.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] personal wireless telecommunication devices, such as radiofrequency (rf) electromagnetic field (emf) sources operated in vicinity of human body, have possible adverse health effects.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] application of the mobile phone chip reduced effects of emfs on eeg brain activity and attentional performance significantly.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] results showed that electromagnetic shielding fabrics produced as conductive nonwoven textile surfaces improved oxidant-antioxidant status and tp53 expression that were impaired in electromagnetic waves exposed zebrafish embryos.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] studies showed that cell phone emitted radiations had effects on oral mucosal cells and causes changes in salivary flow rate.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] also, electromagnetic shielding fabrics decreased casp3a expression responsible for the execution phase of apoptosis that increased in electromagnetic waves exposed zebrafish embryos.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] aim of our study was to evaluate electromagnetic wave blocking performance of nonwoven textile surfaces on zebrafish embryos that were exposed to electromagnetic waves at specific frequencies.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] studies have demonstrated that electromagnetic waves, as the one of the most important physical factors, may alter cognitive and non-cognitive behaviors, depending on the frequency and energy.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] due to the much lower output power of devices using wi-fi compared to mobile phones, the degree of exposure to radiation is also lower.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] the use of wireless digital communication devices like gsm, wcdma, hspa, dect, and wifi changes the exposure of electromagnetic waves toward the user.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] to date there is only limited knowledge about interaction between electromagnetic fields (emfs) emitted by mobile phones and the auditory function.

Do Waveex and similar products reduce exposure to electromagnetic fields, for example when using a cell phone or smartphone? [SEP] to find out the effect of cell phone emitted radiations on the orofacial structures. |||

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] aluminium salts used as antiperspirants have been incriminated as contributing to breast cancer incidence in western societies.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] aluminium salts, present in many industrial products of frequent use like antiperspirants, anti-acid drugs, food additives and vaccines, have been incriminated in contributing to the rise in breast cancer incidence in western societies.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] our observations provide experimental evidence that aluminium salts could be environmental breast carcinogens.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] this review examines recent evidence linking exposure to aluminium with the aetiology of breast cancer.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] the known genotoxic effects of aluminum might play a role in the development of breast cancer.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] the present study prospectively determined the use of both aluminum-containing and non aluminum containing deodorants on axillary skin toxicity during conventionally fractionated postoperative radiation therapy for breast cancer.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] we found no evidence that the use of either aluminum-containing or non-aluminum containing deodorant adversely effects axillary skin reaction during conventionally fractionated radiation therapy for breast cancer.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] the human population is exposed to aluminium (al) from diet, antacids and vaccine adjuvants, but frequent application of al-based salts to the underarm as antiperspirant adds a high additional exposure directly to the local area of the human breast.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] aluminium salts are used as the active antiperspirant agent in underarm cosmetics, but the effects of widespread, long term and increasing use remain unknown, especially in relation to the breast, which is a local area of application.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] in conclusion, underarm shaving with antiperspirant/deodorant use may play a role in breast cancer.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] if the use of aluminium-based antiperspirant salts is involved in the etiology of gross breast cyst formation, it might be expected that aluminium would be at elevated levels in human breast cyst fluid (bcf).

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] aluminium is known to have a genotoxic profile, capable of causing both dna alterations and epigenetic effects, and this would be consistent with a potential role in breast cancer if such effects occurred in breast cells.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] the increasing exposure to aluminum has been linked with the development of different human pathologies (e.g., breast cancer, myofasciitis, neurodegenerative diseases), probably due to the consistent presence of aluminum salts in widely diffused cosmetic products and vaccines.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] our observations do not formally identify aluminium as a breast carcinogen, but challenge the safety ascribed to its widespread use in underarm cosmetics.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] if current usage patterns of al-based antiperspirant salts contribute to causation of breast cysts and breast cancer, then reduction in exposure would offer a strategy for prevention, and regulatory review is now justified.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] it has long been hypothesized that body tissue uptake of aluminum may have biological implications in breast cancer.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] the human breast is likely exposed to al (aluminium) from many sources including diet and personal care products.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] these results add to the evidence that the prescription of deodorants during radiation therapy for breast cancer is now questionable.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] aluminium has now been measured in a range of human breast structures at higher levels than in blood serum and experimental evidence suggests that the tissue concentrations measured have the potential to adversely influence breast epithelial cells including generation of genomic instability, induction of anchorage-independent proliferation and interference in oestrogen action.

Can ingredients in deodorants like aluminum salts cause breast cancer? [SEP] our findings demonstrate for the first time that concentrations of aluminium in the range of those measured in the human breast fully transform cultured mammary epithelial cells, thus enabling them to form tumors and metastasize in well-established mouse cancer models. |||

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] amelioration of renal dysfunction in nephrotoxic rats with black cumin treatment has also been noted.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] to determine the effect of n sativa supplementation on inflammation of the airways and limitation of airflow in partly controlled asthma patients.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] the black cumin or nigella sativa l. seeds have many acclaimed medicinal properties such as bronchodilatory, hypotensive, antibacterial, antifungal, analgesic, anti-inflammatory and immunopotentiating.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] the antioxidant and antihyperglycemic effects of black cumin are well established.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] in this study, the effect of black cumin oil (bc) on changes in renal dysfunction and renal hemodynamics in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats was evaluated.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] n sativa supplementation with inhaled maintenance therapy improves some measures of pulmonary function and inflammation in partly controlled asthma.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] black cumin (nigella sativa) is an ancient herbal medicine recommended by the world health organization.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] black cumin (nigella sativa) seed extract has been shown to improve dermatological conditions, yet its beneficial effects for skin are not fully elucidated.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] this review analyzes the literature that has evaluated dietary salt intake as a potential modifier of the severity of asthma and airway responsiveness.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] in asthma, inhaled tiotropium is able to increase the bronchodilation, and might also be able to exert an anti-inflammatory effect.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] the question is whether reducing dietary salt intake potentially would improve pulmonary function and airway responsiveness in individuals with asthma.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] simplifying dosing regimens could improve both adherence and asthma-related morbidity.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] our findings provide insights into the anti-asthmatic effects of d. sophia seeds and reveal the epigenetic targets of anti-inflammatory processes in mice.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] nigella sativa and its derivatives have been reported to have anti-inflammatory and bronchodilator effects, but the effects have been evaluated in only a few clinical studies.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] inhaled drugs may act by improving mucociliary function.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] asthma may respond to dietary modification, thereby reducing the need for pharmacologic agents.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] astragalus membranaceus, a traditional chinese herb, has been used to improve airway inflammation and asthma.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] from a critical analysis of the existing literature, the data that support a role for dietary salt reduction for reducing severity of asthma and airway responsiveness in individuals with asthma is considered encouraging but not clinically convincing.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] these results indicate that a. membranaceus has an inhibitory effect on airway inflammation in a murine model of asthma through modulating the imbalanced relationship between th1 and th2 cytokines.

Does the intake of black cumin improve the symptoms of asthma, e.g. shortness of breath? [SEP] addition of other medications to the regular regimen might be able to improve disease control by enhancing bronchodilation and/or by reducing the bronchial inflammation. |||

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] this is the first study evaluating reliability of trained dogs to alert to hypoglycemia under real-life conditions.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] we examined the reliability of trained dogs to alert to hypoglycemia in individuals with type 1 diabetes.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] provided that further trials can confirm the findings, the use of diabetes alert dogs that are trained to detect the onset of hypoglycemia can be regarded as a fast, versatile, reliable, and cost-effective approach for safeguarding the health of individuals with diabetes.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] to summarize the current knowledge on the phenomenon of dogs, both trained and untrained, sensing hypoglycaemia and alerting their owners to it.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] trained dogs often alert a human companion to otherwise unknown hypoglycemia; however due to high false-positive rate, a dog alert alone is unlikely to be helpful in differentiating hypo-/hyper-/euglycemia.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] anecdotal evidence suggests that domestic dogs may be able to detect hypoglycemia in their human caregivers; scientific investigation of this phenomenon, however, is sorely lacking.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] the recent publication of the results of 3 small trials, and as many as 5 case reports on dogs producing clear and intelligible alerts in the presence of their owners' hypoglycemia, opens an intriguing clinical scenario for management of diabetes.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] we investigated whether trained dogs reliably respond to their owners' hypoglycaemic state, and whether owners experience facilitated tightened glycaemic control, and wider psychosocial benefits.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] owner-recorded data showed that dogs alerted their owners, with significant, though variable, accuracy at times of low and high blood sugar.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] dogs provided timely alerts in 36% (sensitivity) of all hypoglycemia events (n = 45).

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] behavioural changes in untrained dogs were reported during 38-100% of hypoglycaemic events experienced by their owners.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] dogs' behavioral responses to their owners' hypoglycemic episodes varied.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] previous studies have suggested that some pet dogs respond to their owners' hypoglycaemic state.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] cgm often detects hypoglycemia before a trained dog by a clinically significant margin.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] there is a growing market for diabetes-alert dogs but little has been published regarding their ability to reliably detect hypoglycemia.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] the sensitivity and specificity of the performance of trained diabetes alert dogs sensing hypoglycaemia ranged from 22 to 100% and 71 to 90%, respectively.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] the findings suggest that behavioral reactions to hypoglycemic episodes in pet owners with type 1 diabetes commonly occur in untrained dogs.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] dog users were very satisfied (8.9/10 on a likert-type scale) and largely confident (7.9/10) in their dog's ability to detect hypoglycemia.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] here, we show that trained glycaemia alert dogs placed with clients living with diabetes afford significant improvements to owner well-being.

Do specially trained dogs reliably warn of dangerous hypoglycemia? [SEP] one hundred and thirty-eight (65.1%) respondents indicated that their dog had shown a behavioral reaction to at least one of their hypoglycemic episodes, with 31.9% of animals reacting to 11 or more events. |||

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggest an increased fracture risk in patients taking proton pump inhibitors (ppis) for long term.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] long-term treatment with proton pump inhibitors (ppis) is associated with an increased risk of fractures in the general population.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] recent studies revealed that long-term intake of proton pump inhibitor (ppi) increases the risk of vertebral or hip fracture; however, the exact mechanism for this is not known.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] epidemiological studies have associated proton pump inhibitor (ppi) therapy with osteoporotic fractures, but it is not clear if ppis directly cause osteoporosis.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] clinical studies indicate that proton pump inhibitors (ppis), used long-term in elderly patients, increase the risk of osteoporotic fractures, and decrease the anti-fracture efficacy of alendronate.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] recent studies have shown an association between proton-pump inhibitor use (ppi) and hip fracture.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] two recent studies have reported increased hip fracture rates with long-term proton pump inhibitor (ppi) use raising concerns about adverse effects of this class of drugs on mineral metabolism.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] proton pump inhibitor (ppi) use has been identified as a risk factor for hip and vertebral fractures.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] the use of proton pump inhibitors (ppis) seems to be related to increased fracture risk but the mechanism is unclear.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] proton pump inhibitors (ppis) are frequently prescribed to patients with gastroesophageal reflux disease; however, the number of bone fractures reportedly increased in these patients.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] to identify the relationship between proton-pump inhibitors (ppis) and the risk of fracture, we conducted an update meta-analysis of observational studies.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] proton pump inhibitors (ppis) are among the most frequently prescribed medications and may impair bone quality and quantity.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] many patients receive prolonged proton pump inhibitor (ppi) therapy for upper gastrointestinal disorders, but the long-term safety of ppis, particularly increased risk of hip and nonhip fractures, has been questioned.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] results showed that ppi use was associated with a modestly increased risk of hip, spine, and any-site fracture.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] many studies have investigated the association of proton-pump inhibitors (ppis) with fracture risk, but the results have been inconsistent.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] two recent studies have demonstrated increased hip fracture rates associated with ppi use.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] the risk of osteoporotic fracture increased with the duration of ppi use, especially when ppi was used for ≥1 year and regularly in the recent 1 year.

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] pooled analysis showed that ppi use could moderately increase the risk of hip fracture [rr = 1.26, 95 % confidence intervals (cis) 1.16–1.36].

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] patients who regularly used ppi in the recent 1 year had a higher risk of osteoporotic fracture than exclusive h2ra users (or: 1.37, 95% ci: 1.26-1.50).

Does taking proton pump inhibitors (PPI) increase the risk of bone fractures? [SEP] results of this meta-analysis suggest that ppi may moderately increase the risk of any-site, hip, spine fracture. |||

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] many structural, behavioral, and pharmacological interventions imply that favorable treatment effects in musculoskeletal pain states are mediated through the correction of muscle function.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] the results of this rct suggest that mct has beneficial effects on pain in patients with knee osteoarthritis that are not explained by a placebo effect.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] matrix therapy is an innovative, minimally invasive approach in the field of regenerative medicine, that aims to promote tissue regeneration by reconstructing the cellular microenvironment following tissue injury.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] massage therapy has been observed to be helpful in some patients with fibromyalgia.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] manual therapies, directed to the knee and lumbopelvic region, have demonstrated the ability to improve neuromuscular quadriceps function in individuals with knee pathology.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] the aim of this study is to explore potential effects of mct on pain in patients with knee osteoarthritis, to explore effects of different treatment parameters and to distinguish them from placebo-effects.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] there is evidence from animal studies that matrix augmentation of bone marrow stimulation (m-bms) can improve the quality of the repair tissue formation.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] mechanical diagnosis and therapy (mdt) is widely used for spinal problems, and more recently the principles and mechanical syndromes have been applied to extremity musculoskeletal problems.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] novel treatments are expected to have a profound impact on the care of musculoskeletal pain and its effect on motor function in the not-too-distant future.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] this study was designed to examine the effects of massage therapy versus relaxation therapy on sleep, substance p, and pain in fibromyalgia patients.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] this study sought to determine whether this therapy can produce comparable results with a progressive disorder such as multiple sclerosis (ms).

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] the case study describes the application of repeated movements to a patient with a 7-year history of non-specific temporomandibular pain and reduced function, who had had lots of previous failed treatment.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] this approach has significant therapeutic potential in the treatment of pathologies characterized by tissue inflammation and damage, or following injury, conditions which can be incapacitating and cost-consuming.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] with the improved understanding of the relationship between pain and motor function, including the inappropriateness of many clinical assumptions, a new literature emerges that opens the door to exciting therapeutic opportunities.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] applications merging rgta®-based matrix therapy and cell therapy, combining extra-cellular matrix reconstruction with cells required for optimal tissue repair show significant promise.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] a significant decrease in connective tissue thickness and pain was observed in participants.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] the cases reviewed herein suggest the strain and counterstrain (scs) technique, described in 1981 by jones, may be helpful in reducing pain and improving function in patients with localized myofascial pain syndromes.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] the aim of the study was to evaluate the efficiency of intramuscular injections of collagen and lidocaine in decreasing mfp within masseter muscles.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] microcurrent therapy (mct) is a novel electrotherapy modality with very low current-levels that may reduce pain especially in joints and muscles.

Can matrix therapy (also: matrix rhythm therapy) alleviate complaints of muscles and joints? [SEP] the study confirmed that intramuscular injection of collagen is a more efficient method for reducing myofascial pain within masseter muscles than intramuscular injection of lidocaine. |||

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] allergen injection immunotherapy is effective for summer hay fever and reduces cutaneous sensitivity to grass pollen.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] grass pollen injection immunotherapy is effective in patients with summer hay fever, although efficacy must be balanced against possible side effects.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] the results suggest that successful grass pollen immunotherapy for summer hay fever may act by inhibiting allergen-induced t lymphocyte and eosinophil recruitment and eosinophil activation in the target organ, possibly through a mechanism involving protective local increases in th1-type cells.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] clinical improvement in hay fever was accompanied by a greater than 10-fold reduction in the immediate cutaneous response to grass pollen (p = 0.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] grass pollen immunotherapy for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis ('summer hayfever') results in improvement in symptoms, a reduction in the early and late phase responses to allergen provocation and decreased tissue eosinophilia.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] the short-term and longterm benefits of allergen specific immunotherapy (sit), including potential prevention of exacerbation of disease from hay fever into asthma, are discussed.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] prophylactic allergen immunotherapy may be useful to reduce the risk of acute symptomatic attacks (hayfever).

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] future pollen vaccines may consist of hypoallergenic recombinant allergens and t-helper cell type 1-inducing immunostimulatory adjuvants.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] this review describes the connection between hay fever and asthma in patients suffering from specific ige-mediated allergy.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] pollen allergens, the immunological mechanism of allergic inflammation and the mechanisms behind successful specific immunotherapy treatment of seasonal pollen allergy shall be discussed.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] this review deals with specific immunotherapy performed with pollen vaccines.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] in previous studies preseasonal local nasal immunotherapy (lnit) with moderate doses of aqueous ragweed extract (mean total dose 59 micrograms of age and 139 micrograms of age) was an effective treatment for ragweed hay fever; however, local adverse reactions during therapy were common.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] with recent developments in molecular biology of pollen allergens it has become feasible to produce modified hypoallergenic derivatives of recombinant allergens with abrogated or greatly reduced likelihood of anaphylactic side-effects as compared to extract-based treatments.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] survey of adult hay fever sufferers prescribed a non-sedating antihistamine and nasal steroid spray by their general practitioner.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] therapy for hay fever should begin with environmental control, because sometimes avoidance of allergens is all that is needed to adequately control symptoms.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] treatment with allergenic vaccines (immunotherapy) resulted in decreased symptoms of allergic rhinitis, decreased development of new allergies, and less asthma in the treated group, compared with the untreated control group.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] if not, useful medications include antihistamines, decongestants, combinations of the two, prescription nasal sprays, and allergy immunotherapy.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] however, because subjects often present to physicians with allergy symptoms during the pollen season, "within-season" initiation of specific immunotherapy is of special interest.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] international guidelines recommend that allergen-specific immunotherapy for pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis is initiated preseasonally.

Can hyposensitization by injections with allergy-causing pollen components help with hay fever? [SEP] eliminating allergens from pollen released by plants is technically feasible, but might this interfere with the natural processes of pollination? |||

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] the possibility that oral hyposensitization might be an effective treatment of hay fever in the future is discussed, but it is concluded that the present regimens cannot be recommended.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] fifty-eight hay fever patients were admitted to a double-blind placebo efficacy study in oral hyposensitization.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] in 1900 it was claimed that oral administration of ragweed could be used for the hyposensitization of hay fever patients.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] hyposensitization therapy is useful in some patients.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] oral hyposensitization is still widely used in the treatment of allergic diseases, but controlled studies proving a beneficial effect are lacking.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] budesonide alone is a highly effective treatment for hay fever with few side effects.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] immunotherapy of allergic diseases first called desensitization or hyposensitization is based on the introduction by parenteral administration or perhaps also by mouth of the allergens which has been considered to be responsible by the clinical symptoms.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] the study failed to prove any beneficial effect of oral hyposensitization measured by symptom score, medication score, nasal provocation test or skin prick test.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] allergic rhinitis unresponsive to conservative therapy with antihistamines, decongestants, and environmental control may require the use of corticosteroids for symptomatic relief, even while hyposensitization is being carried out.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] if not, useful medications include antihistamines, decongestants, combinations of the two, prescription nasal sprays, and allergy immunotherapy.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] therapy for hay fever should begin with environmental control, because sometimes avoidance of allergens is all that is needed to adequately control symptoms.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] the total management of the patient with hay fever involves a multifaceted approach including environmental control, pharmacotherapy, and immunotherapy.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] intranasal microemulsion treatment can attenuate allergen challenge-induced nasal symptoms and plasma exudation in allergic rhinitis.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] it was decided to undertake controlled clinical trials to determine the safety and effectiveness of orally administered enteric-coated grass pollen tablets in patients with hay fever.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] while hay fever is a very common experience, its treatment in primary care setting has been little reported in controlled studies.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] additional heated humidification (hh) is the appropriate method when such complaints arise.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] such therapy may be given orally, intramuscularly, as a nasal aerosol, or by intraturbinal injection.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] some patients with allergic rhinitis (ar) may prefer a "dry" intranasal corticosteroid aerosol to avoid certain sensory perceptions such as the "wet feeling in the nose" and the "dripping down the throat" associated with aqueous nasal sprays.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] to improve the safety and efficacy of allergen extract-based immunotherapy, application of hypoallergens, i.e.

Can hyposensitization by means of drops or tablets administered under the tongue help with hay fever? [SEP] prophylactic allergen immunotherapy may be useful to reduce the risk of acute symptomatic attacks (hayfever). |||

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] berries and berry extracts possess properties that make them important in the prevention of cancer.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] some berry constituents have been proven to have cancer preventive actions on chemically induced tumors in vivo and cancer suppressive effects in in vitro studies.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] the literature, including human studies, suggests that berry components can modulate our immune system to delay cancer development.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] these results illustrate that berry juices have striking differences in their potential chemopreventive activity and that the inclusion of a variety of berries in the diet might be useful for preventing the development of tumors.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] berries have been recognized as a functional food with potential to protect against a variety of health conditions, including some cancers.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] berries and their phytochemicals have well documented chemopreventive roles, but understanding their ability to regulate cancer immunology is only beginning to be explored.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] this review summarizes the effects of berries as anti-tumor agents from the immunological perspective in tumor-bearing animals and humans.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] studies show that the anticancer effects of berry bioactives are partially mediated through their abilities to counteract, reduce, and also repair damage resulting from oxidative stress and inflammation.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] overwhelming evidence suggests that edible small and soft-fleshed berry fruits may have beneficial effects against several types of human cancers.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] the growth of various cancer cell lines, including those of stomach, prostate, intestine and breast, was strongly inhibited by raspberry, black currant, white currant, gooseberry, velvet leaf blueberry, low-bush blueberry, sea buckthorn and cranberry juice, but not (or only slightly) by strawberry, high-bush blueberry, serviceberry, red currant, or blackberry juice.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] berries are gaining increasing importance lately for their chemopreventive and therapeutic potential against several cancers.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] this study shows that white currant is effective in preventing cancer initiation and progression in the min mouse.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] therefore, the potential of berries to aid cancer immune-therapies by, for example, regulating dendritic cells, warrants further investigation in animal and human studies.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] the chemopreventive properties of edible berries have been demonstrated both in vitro and in vivo, however, the specific molecular mechanisms underlying their anti-cancer effects are largely unknown.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] the anticancer potential of berries has been related, at least in part, to a multitude of bioactive phytochemicals that these colorful fruits contain, including polyphenols (flavonoids, proanthocyanidins, ellagitannins, gallotannins, phenolic acids), stilbenoids, lignans, and triterpenoids.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] consumption of berries has been implicated with diverse health benefits, such as prevention of stroke, of age-related degenerative diseases and cancer.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] berries are a good natural source of phenolic compounds and many berries or their compounds have been shown to be chemopreventive.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] to elucidate molecular mechanisms involved in chemoprevention by berry extracts, we employed mouse epidermal cl 41 cell line, a well-characterized in vitro model in tumor promotion studies.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] the present study reveals that strawberry fruits possess both cancer preventive and therapeutic values and we discuss the mechanism by which it is achieved.

Do Blushwood berries help against skin cancer? [SEP] berry phytochemicals may also potentially sensitize tumor cells to chemotherapeutic agents by inhibiting pathways that lead to treatment resistance, and berry fruit consumption may provide protection from therapy-associated toxicities. |||

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] the efficacy of intraocular pressure reduction in retarding the progression of glaucoma has been demonstrated.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] patients with self-reported exercise habits had slower glaucoma progression.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] in the last decade, however, evidence has shown that the treatment of normal-tension glaucoma by lowering intraocular pressure can slow the deterioration of visual fields, hence the glaucomatous process.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] exercise is widely known to lower intraocular pressure and increase ocular blood flow, which may be beneficial for glaucoma management.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] a reduction in exposure to elevated intraocular pressure may improve the prognosis for glaucoma suspects.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] evening exercise may lower the odds of vf progression, suggesting that exercise habits possibly play an important role in glaucoma progression.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] smoking cessation; moderate aerobic exercise; recommended weight; and a balanced diet including green leafy vegetables, omega fatty-acids, and moderate intake of hot tea and coffee have been reported to be possibly protective against developing glaucoma or its progression.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] this review examines the potential for prognostic advantage for glaucoma suspects in reducing their optic nerve head exposure to elevated intraocular pressure associated with activities which have been shown to elevate intraocular pressure.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] therefore, the aim of this review is to summarize the current evidence regarding environmentally modifiable factors such as lifestyle, exercise, and nutrition in the pathogenesis of glaucoma.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] intraocular pressure is a widely accepted risk factor and its reduction can improve the prognosis in normal-tension glaucoma patients.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] although reducing the intraocular pressure (iop) through medications, laser or surgery remains the primary means of glaucoma treatment, there is increasing evidence during the last decade that environmentally modifiable factors may help to prevent glaucoma or its progression through different mechanisms that may or may not involve lowering iop.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] reduction of intraocular pressure by 20-30% with glaucoma drainage surgery slows disease progression in normal tension glaucoma (ntg).

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] it was shown that a reduction of iop of at least 30% is needed to induce a favorable alteration in the course of normal-tension glaucoma.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] however, there are few studies that have reported on the relationship between exercise and glaucoma progression.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] reducing intraocular pressure (iop) seems to be the only treatment that slows progression in glaucoma.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] however, it is not known whether exercise contributes to slower glaucomatous visual field defect progression.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] reduction of intraocular pressure (iop) by 20-30% with glaucoma drainage surgery slows disease progression in normal tension glaucoma (ntg).

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] modifiable environmental factors such as lifestyle, exercise, and nutrition may play a role in glaucoma pathogenesis.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] exercise reduces intraocular pressure (iop) in the short term.

Can relaxation exercises and a reduction in stress slow the progression of glaucoma? [SEP] glaucomatous damage cannot be influenced directly, and current treatment modalities in normal-tension glaucoma are aimed at the control of risk factors. |||

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] the present findings suggest that frequent citrus consumption was associated with a lower risk of incident dementia, even after adjustment for possible confounding factors.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] in comparison with participants who consumed citrus ≤2 times/week, the multivariate-adjusted hr for incident dementia among those did so 3-4 times/week and almost every day was 0·92 (95 % ci 0·80, 1·07) and 0·86 (95 % ci 0·73, 1·01), respectively (p trend=0·065).

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] although some experimental biological studies have indicated that citrus may have preventive effects against cognitive impairment, no cohort study has yet examined the relationship between citrus consumption and incident dementia.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] we investigated whether 8 wk of daily flavanone-rich orange juice consumption was beneficial for cognitive function in healthy older adults.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] chronic daily consumption of flavanone-rich 100% orange juice over 8 wk is beneficial for cognitive function in healthy older adults.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] we aimed to assess whether daily consumption of anthocyanin-rich cherry juice changed cognitive function in older adults with dementia.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] a 12-week randomised controlled trial assessed cognitive outcomes in older adults (+70 year) with mild-to-moderate dementia (n = 49) after consumption of 200 ml/day of either a cherry juice or a control juice with negligible anthocyanin content.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] a high habitual consumption of some specific fruits and vegetables may diminish age-related cognitive decline in middle-aged individuals.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] this study aimed to determine whether regular consumption of orange juice could increase dermal carotenoids.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] inclusion of an anthocyanin-rich beverage may be a practical and feasible way to improve total anthocyanin consumption in older adults with mild-to-moderate dementia, with potential to improve specific cognitive outcomes.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] herein, we examined whether apple juice could alleviate the neurotoxic consequences of exposure of cultured neuronal cells to amyloid-beta (abeta), since at least a portion of the neurotoxicity of abeta is due to oxidative stress.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] epidemiological studies indicate that a diet rich in fruit is associated with cognitive improvement.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] feeding orange juice reduced tumor incidence by 22% (p < 0.05).

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] in the present study, habitual fruit and vegetable intake was studied in association with cognitive function and cognitive decline during middle age.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] orange juice (oj) is among the most consumed fruit juices worldwide, and its chemopreventive action is fairly addressed in the literature.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] a multivariate-adjusted cox model was used to estimate the hazard ratios (hr) and 95 % ci for incident dementia according to citrus consumption.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] these results suggest that orange beverage may produce greater protection against cardiovascular risk factors than orange juice in healthy mice.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] fifty years ago, orange juice was the major juice produced and it was consumed primarily to prevent scurvy.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] global cognitive function was significantly better after 8-wk consumption of flavanone-rich juice than after 8-wk consumption of the low-flavanone control.

Can dementia be prevented by years of orange juice consumption? [SEP] high-flavanone (305 mg) 100% orange juice and an equicaloric low-flavanone (37 mg) orange-flavored cordial (500 ml) were consumed daily for 8 wk by 37 healthy older adults (mean age: 67 y) according to a crossover, double-blind, randomized design separated by a 4-wk washout. |||

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] former clinical observations had revealed positive effects for patients with constipation, heartburn, and symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) after eating papaya preparations.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] papaya (carica papaya l.) is used as a natural remedy in abnormal digestion in tropical and industrialized countries.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] papaya has a high content of enzymes supporting digestive function.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] we conclude from these results, that the papaya preparation (caricol®) contributes to the maintenance of digestive tract physiology.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] it is known that physiological digestive processes could be improved by the ingestion of some medicinal plants, while specific foods can facilitate the occurrence of gastrointestinal symptoms.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] the aim of the present paper is to summarize the evidence for or against the efficacy of pomegranate for coping with inflammatory conditions of the gastro-intestinal tract.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] these results indicate that papaya seed extract and bitc, its principal bioactive constituent are capable of weakening the contractile capability of rabbit isolated jejunum.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] in the present study, an ethanol extract of papaya seeds (eeps; 0.1-6.4 mg/ml) caused concentration-dependent inhibition of jejunal contractions in contrast to corresponding concentrations of dmso (solvent control).

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] due to the inherent biological activities of ingredients of papaya and of oats and their known effects (anti-inflammatory, epithelial integrity), the observed beneficial effects may be owed to the constituents synergisms to reduce chronic inflammation.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] carica papaya l. (papaya) seed preparations are used in traditional medicine to expel intestinal worms in human and ruminants.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] the traditional use of papaya to treat many diseases, especially skin conditions and its prohibition for consumption during pregnancy has prompted us to determine whether papaya extracts both from green and ripe fruits improve wound healing and also produce foetal toxicity.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] different preparations of pomegranate, including extracts from peels, flowers, seeds, and juice, show a significant anti-inflammatory activity in the gut.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] several biological activities of pomegranate have been widely described in the literature, but the anti-inflammatory effect in the gastrointestinal tract has not been reviewed till now.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] peppermint leaf and peppermint oil have a long history of use for digestive disorders.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] po appears to provide symptomatic relief in some patients with dysphagia and cp.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] papaya and oats are natural food and used in traditional medicine in many parts of the world.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] the present results reinforce the benefits of pomegranate (poly)phenolics in the treatment of pain as well as their anti-inflammatory properties.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] the primary aim of the present study was to ascertain whether papaverine is also capable of counteracting morphine-induced decrease of upper gastrointestinal transit (ugt) after repeated parenteral administration of the opioid.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] carica papaya is a well known medicinal plant used in the west and asian countries to cope several diseases.

Can remedies from papaya improve digestion or relieve gastrointestinal discomfort? [SEP] pomegranate reduced nociception in both phases of the formalin test, suggesting central and peripheral activities to inhibit nociception. |||

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] does kinesio taping reduce disability, pain, and kinesiophobia in people with chronic non-specific low back pain?

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to summarize the results of randomized controlled trials (rcts) on the effectiveness of kinesiotaping (kt) for chronic nonspecific low back pain (cnlbp) and disability.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] kinesio taping reduced disability and pain in people with chronic non-specific low back pain, but these effects may be too small to be clinically worthwhile.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] this study aimed to verify the efficacy of osteopathic manipulation for chronic nonspecific low back pain.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] osteopathic manipulation treatment is widely used in the clinical practice in the care of patients with chronic nonspecific low back pain, however, its benefits still seem uncertain.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] the aim of this paper is to review exercises for nonspecific low back pain treatment.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] exercise is an effective treatment for patients with sub-acute and chronic non-specific low back pain (nslbp).

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] interventions for low back pain (lbp) commonly target 'dysfunctional' or atypical lumbo-pelvic kinematics in the belief that correcting aberrant movement improves patients' pain and activity outcomes.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] forty-two participants with chronic nonspecific low back pain were selected and randomized into two groups: active control group (acg - n= 19) and osteopathic manipulation treatment group (omtg - n= 23).

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] exercise therapy has been recognized as an effective method for low back pain treatment.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] incidence and mechanisms of nonspecific low back pain and exercises used for its treatment are hereby reported.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] kinesiology tape (kt) may be an option for treating low back stiffness.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] recently, kinesiotaping, as a simple and noninvasive treatment, has been used to treat chronic nonspecific lbp, but its effectiveness and true merit remains unclear.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] however, it is necessary to determine which specific types of manipulation and nonmanipulative types of chiropractic adjustive care are most effective for particular types of low back pain across both tissue-specific and functional classifications.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] this study aimed to compare the effectiveness of spinal manipulation and functional technique on pain, disability, kinesiophobia, and quality of life in patients with chronic lbp.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] exercises are often used to treat back pain, but there is controversy regarding its effectiveness.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] many original clinical trials and several review papers have come to the conclusion that manipulation is safe and effective for the treatment of low back pain.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] sixty adults with chronic non-specific low back pain.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] systematic review of treatment-specific, condition-specific trials, studies, and case reports of chiropractic care for low back pain.

Are kinesiotapes effective for chronic non-specific lower back pain ("low back pain")? [SEP] although lumbopelvic stability exercise improves lumbopelvic motor control function in patients with chronic low back pain (clbp), the difference in lumbopelvic motor control function between the patients with clbp and the healthy controls is unclear. |||

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] cancer detection using sniffer dogs is a potential technology for clinical use and research.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] canine scent detection has shown promising results in lung cancer detection, but there has only been one previous study that reproduces a screening-like situation.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] the scent detection prowess of dogs has prompted interest in their ability to detect cancer.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] trained dogs were able to identify non-small cell lung cancer samples from healthy controls.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] to determine whether canines could be trained to identify patients with cancer by sniffing the urine obtained from a patient with breast or prostate cancer from among samples obtained from healthy volunteers.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] background: it has been reported that canine scent tests offer the possibility to screen for cancer.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] in recent decades it has been noted that trained dogs can detect specific odor molecules emitted by cancer cells.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] dogs have highly developed olfactory systems and may be able to detect cancer in its primary stages.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] in recent years several reports have been published describing dogs' ability to detect, by scent, patients with cancer.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] after training, non-small cell lung cancer and healthy control blood serum samples were presented to the dogs, and the sensitivity and specificity of each dog were analyzed.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] properly trained dogs can perceive the volatile organic compounds (vocs) related to cancer thanks to their acute sense of smell.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] it has been reported that dogs are capable of identifying cancer in humans by detecting a specific odor: bladder cancer by detecting urine odor and other cancers by detecting exhaled breath odor.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] the accuracy of canine scent detection was high even for early cancer.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] (1) background: previous reports have indicated that cancers of the stomach, lung, and pancreas can be detected by dog sniffing, but results have been varied.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] this review focuses on two methods of olfactory cancer detection: first, the ability of canines to differentiate between cancerous and healthy individuals through the use of biological samples and second, electronic nose technology that uses chemical sensors to detect known biomarkers in exhaled breath.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] better management of urine samples and a more stringent training protocol during our study may have provided new evidence as to the feasibility of using canines for cancer detection.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] previous reports using canine scent detection demonstrated the existence of cancer-specific odours.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] the results do not exclude the possibility that dogs could be trained to detect prostate cancer.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] a labrador retriever specially trained in scent detection of cancer and a handler cooperated in the tests.

Does early detection of lung cancer by trained sniffer dogs provide significant benefits to those affected? [SEP] over the course of 8 weeks, operant conditioning via clicker training was used to train dogs to use their olfactory system to distinguish blood serum from patients with malignant lung cancer from blood serum from healthy controls in a double-blind study. |||

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] this double-blind study suggests a significant reduction in snoring reported by bed partners in a group of snoring volunteers using either an essential oil spray or gargle formulation.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] widely available and inexpensive agents were evaluated as potential palatal sclerosing agents for the treatment of snoring.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] palatal sclerotherapy with sodium tetradecyl sulfate ("injection snoreplasty") was recently introduced as a safe and effective treatment for primary snoring.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] nasal budesonide in snorers can increase nasal breathing epochs, modestly decrease snoring frequency and increase rapid eye movement sleep.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] we sought to find a combination of noninvasive treatments for snoring by adding weight loss to previously studied treatments, including the combination of sleeping on one's side and using a decongestant nasal spray.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] although it is anecdotally known that nasal obstruction is associated with snoring, it remains unknown whether the application of nasal steroids could decrease oral/oro-nasal breathing and increase nasal breathing, and subsequently decrease snoring indices.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] twenty-four snorers were enrolled in a randomized, double-blind, crossover trial of 1-week treatment with nasal budesonide compared with 1-week intervention with nasal placebo.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] in most cases, the combination of weight loss, sleeping on one's side, and the administration of a nasal decongestant significantly reduces the frequency of snoring in asymptomatic men who snore heavily.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] this study evaluated the effect of nasal budesonide on breathing route pattern and snoring.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] the pathophysiology of snoring is discussed and the etiologic importance of nasal obstruction and compliance of the pharynx with respiratory airflow pressures are questioned.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] twenty asymptomatic men who snore heavily were studied previously on a control night and on a night when they slept on their side and used a nasal spray.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] palatal injection in human patients with 50% ethanol was found to produce equivalent subjective and objective snoring efficacy and equivalent pain and recovery time compared with 3% sts.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] with these two treatments, minor improvements in apnea/hypopnea index (ahi) were seen, but no improvement occurred in snoring frequency.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] nasal budesonide was associated with a decrease in oral/oro-nasal breathing epochs and concomitant increase in nasal breathing epochs, decrease of snoring frequency by [median (interquartile range)] 15.8% (11.2-18.8%), and an increase of rapid eye movement sleep; snoring intensity decreased only in patients with increased baseline nasal resistance by 10.6% (6.8-14.3%).

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] three subjects losing an average of only 7.6 kg showed virtual elimination of snoring after weight loss.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] those 12 subjects who lost any amount of weight showed a very mild reduction in snores per hour from 328 using two modalities of treatment to 232 per hour with the addition of weight loss (p = 0.15).

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] snoring is a very common social inconvenience.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] the discrepancy between subjective and objective results of therapy is noted and wider use of objective measurement pre- and post-snoring treatment is advocated.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] subjects who gained weight had no improvement in snoring.

Do snoring sprays or gargle solutions help against snoring? [SEP] surfactant significantly improved the ability of sinus irrigant to penetrate unoperated sinus cavities (3.12 vs 3.5, p = .021). |||

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] acute and short-term administration of maca produced a small effect of rat male sexual behavior and long-term administration did not increase anxiety.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] preparations from maca root have been reported to improve sexual function.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] the aim of this review was to assess the clinical evidence for or against the effectiveness of the maca plant as a treatment for sexual dysfunction.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] two rcts suggested a significant positive effect of maca on sexual dysfunction or sexual desire in healthy menopausal women or healthy adult men, respectively, while the other rct failed to show any effects in healthy cyclists.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] to determine the acute and chronic effects of maca on male sexual behavior and to examine chronic administration of maca on anxiety.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] the further rct assessed the effects of maca in patients with erectile dysfunction using the international index of erectile dysfunction-5 and showed significant effects.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] the results of our systematic review provide limited evidence for the effectiveness of maca in improving sexual function.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] after 21 days of treatment maca had no effect on sexual behavior.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] maca treatment did not produce large changes in male sexual behavior.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] as a consequence of the impact of viagra on male sexual dysfunction, considerable attention is now being paid to sexual dysfunctions in women, which might respond to pharmacological treatment.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] this article examines the etiology, assessment and treatment of erectile dysfunctions in the heterosexual male.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] while this medication is extremely effective in restoring erectile function, it is often necessary to ensure that the partner is actively involved in treatment since many men are in relationships characterized by sexual apathy and avoidance as well as relationship conflict.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] although new pharmaceutical agents have been identified for male erectile problems, sexual desire and orgasm disorders, individuals with sexual dysfunction often seek alternative therapies, including traditional chinese medicine.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] recommendations and guidelines for men's sexual dysfunction are presented.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] erectile dysfunction is a common sexual problem for males in the united states.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] for generations people of the rural community in peru have used lepidium meyenii walpers (maca), because of their belief that it improves fertility and sexual desire.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] the present analysis explores female partners' treatment preference for erectile dysfunction in chinese men.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] physical and psychological influences on erectile dysfunctions are discussed.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] new algorithms and guidelines for assessment and treatment of men's sexual dysfunction were developed.

Does Maca help with sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction or sexual aversion in men and women? [SEP] new treatment guidelines and algorithms are provided for men's orgasm and ejaculation disorders, including premature ejaculation, retrograde and delayed ejaculation. |||

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] single strength (36.2 protein per l), quarter strength (9.0 g protein per l) milk, and control model beverages were incubated with epigallocatechin gallate and green tea extract at 62 or 37 °c for 180 min.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] the results of treatment show that compared with dried skimmed milk, kwashior food mix lowered the rate of severe diarrhea, hypoglycemia and case-fatality; and the patients thus treated showed a faster gain in weight.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] this paper reports the significance of different milk fractions in the foam and concludes that the micellar casein fraction plays an important role in stabilization of milk foam formed at higher temperatures.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] several proteases from plant sources have been proposed as milk coagulants, however, limited research has been done on their milk-clotting properties.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] dry heating of cow's milk protein, as applied in the production of "baked milk", facilitates the resolution of cow's milk allergy symptoms upon digestion.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] dried skimmed milk is the accepted food for the initial treatment of severe protein-calorie malnutrition.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] the paper describes studies on the influence of heat impact in reconstituted skim milk on chemical and functional properties of yoghurt products.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] milk fever is an important metabolic disorder of dairy cows after calving, and is characterized by hypocalcemia, tetany, lateral recumbency, and eventual coma.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] however, other structures observed in the electron micrographs suggest that soluble milk proteins and possibly polar lipids are also present in the foams and play a role in formation of milk foams.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] shelf-stable milk could benefit from sensory quality improvement.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] feed additives may alleviate hs in dairy cows by improving rumen fermentation efficacy, stimulating feed consumption, enhancing vasodilation, and/or improving antioxidant capacity.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] the effect of temperature on the milk-clotting activity of kiwi fruit, melon and ginger extracts was evaluated, as well as the effects of the different extracts on curd properties.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] major drawbacks of dried skimmed milk include tendency to provoke or aggravate severe diarrhea (presumably due to lactose intolerance) and its low caloric content predisposing to hypoglycemia and slow rate of weight gain.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] changes in the native protein profile were subsequently related to the capacity of these milk samples to prevent the development of ovalbumin-induced food allergy in a murine animal model.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] the kiwi proteases displayed chymosin-like properties and thus hold the best potential for use as a milk coagulant in cheese production.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] our results suggest that dhp can enhance the antioxidant abilities of dairy cows with favorable effects on ruminal microbial communities under hs, further alleviating hs on dairy cows.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] kwashiorkor food mix, prepared from dried skimmed milk, calcium casinate, sucrose and reinforced with vegetable oil, was designed to overcome these handicaps with the dried skimmed milk.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] the aggregation behavior and interactions of yak milk protein were investigated after heat treatments.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] the impact of milk on tea flavan-3-ol stability to thermal treatment was investigated.

Can glacier milk powder prevent hangover or relieve hangover symptoms? [SEP] raw cow's milk was heated for 30 min at 50, 60, 65, 70, 75, or 80 °c and the native whey protein profile of these differentially heated milk samples was determined using lc-ms/ms-based proteomics. |||

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] several lines of experimental and clinical evidence have shown that pomegranate intake helps lowering blood pressure (bp) through different mechanisms.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the influence of pomegranate consumption was examined on systolic blood pressure (sbp), angiotensin-converting enzyme (ace) coronary activity, oxidative stress, and vascular morphology.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] as some antioxidants were recently shown to reduce blood pressure, we studied the effect of pomegranate juice consumption (50 ml, 1.5mmol of total polyphenols per day, for 2 weeks) by hypertensive patients on their blood pressure and on serum angiotensin converting enzyme (ace) activity.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] pomegranates can help prevent or treat various disease risk factors including high blood pressure, high cholesterol, oxidative stress, hyperglycemia, and inflammatory activities.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] as reduction in serum ace activity, even with no decrement in blood pressure, was previously shown to attenuate atherosclerosis, pomegranate juice can offer a wide protection against cardiovascular diseases which could be related to its inhibitory effect on oxidative stress and on serum ace activity.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] pomegranate juice may improve cardiovascular risk because of its content of antioxidant polyphenols.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] pomegranate (punica granatum), a polyphenol-rich fruit, has been suggested to reduce cardiovascular risk due to its antioxidant properties.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] pomegranate peel extract consumption conferred protection against hypertension in the shr model.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of pomegranate extract (pe) on blood pressure and anthropometric measures in adults with no symptomatic disease.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] pomegranate juice possesses antioxidant, anti-hypertensive and anti-atherosclerotic properties.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the anti-hypertensive effects have been reported for both pomegranate juice and seed oil.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] a review on the efficacy of consuming different parts of pomegranate (juice, peels, fruit extract and seed oil) in lowering bp has been performed.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] we conducted a randomized placebo-controlled parallel study to examine the effect of pomegranate juice on pulse wave velocity (pwv), blood pressure (bp) and plasma antioxidant status (ferric reducing power; frap) in 51 healthy adults (30-50 years).

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] findings arising from animal and clinical studies have shown pomegranate juice can reduce bp in both short-term and long-term course.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] treatment of endothelial dysfunction with natural products, such as pomegranate, can open new ways in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] this study aimed to present a narrative review on the anti-hypertensive properties of different parts of pomegranate such as pomegranate juice (pj), pomegranate peels (pp), pomegranate seed oil (pso), pomegranate fruit extract (pfe) and the mechanisms and phytochemicals responsible for these effects.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] these results demonstrated that the cardiovascular health benefits of pomegranate may in part be related to the ability of polyphenols to inhibit platelet function.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] evidence indicates that the use of pomegranate peel extract may prove beneficial in alleviating coronary heart disease.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in conclusion, daily consumption of pomegranate juice may improve stress-induced myocardial ischemia in patients who have chd.

Can ingredients from pomegranate lower elevated blood pressure or reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the present meta-analysis provides information in highlighting the role of pomegranate in endothelial dysfunction. |||

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] current evidence indicates that red and processed meat intake increases the risk of colorectal cancer; however, the association with colorectal adenomas is unclear.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] specific components of the diet such as red and processed meat have been associated with the risk of developing colorectal cancer.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] diets high in red meat and processed meats are established colorectal cancer (crc) risk factors.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] red meat intake is associated with elevated risk of developing colorectal cancer.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] studies have suggested that red and processed meat consumption elevate the risk of colon cancer; however, the relationship between red meat, as well as fat and protein, and distal colorectal cancer (crc) specifically is not clear.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] an increased risk for colorectal cancer has been consistently reported for long-time consumption of cooked and processed red meat.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] high intake of red meat or processed meat is associated with increased risk of colon cancer.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] consumption of red and processed meat has been associated with colorectal cancer in many but not all epidemiological studies; few studies have examined risk in relation to long-term meat intake or the association of meat with rectal cancer.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] the frequency of red meat consumption rather than total amount of consumed meat is associated with a higher risk of colorectal carcinogenesis.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] red and processed meat intake is convincingly associated with colorectal cancer (crc) incidence, but its impact on prognosis after crc diagnosis is unknown.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] although a large body of epidemiological research suggests that red meat intake increases the risk of colorectal cancer, little is known regarding how such an association varies across populations and types of red meat.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] our results demonstrate the potential value of examining long-term meat consumption in assessing cancer risk and strengthen the evidence that prolonged high consumption of red and processed meat may increase the risk of cancer in the distal portion of the large intestine.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] diets containing substantial amounts of red or preserved meats may increase the risk of various cancers, including colorectal cancer.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] high intake of red and processed meat reported in 1992/1993 was associated with higher risk of colon cancer after adjusting for age and energy intake but not after further adjustment for body mass index, cigarette smoking, and other covariates.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] although there is convincing evidence that red and processed meat intake increases the risk of colorectal cancer (crc), the potential role of meat cooking practices has not been established yet and could partly explain the current heterogeneity of results among studies.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] red meat may be associated with colorectal cancer by contributing to n-nitroso compound (noc) exposure.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] meat consumption, particularly of red and processed meat, is one of the most thoroughly studied dietary factors in relation to colon cancer.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] increased consumption of well-done red meat [odds ratio (or) 1.33 95% ci 0.98, 1.79] was associated with an (p = 0.04) increase in risk for rectal cancer among men.

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] red meat consumption is associated with an increased colorectal cancer (crc) risk, which may be due to an increased endogenous formation of genotoxic n-nitroso compounds (nocs).

Does regular consumption of red meat or processed meat products increase the risk of colorectal cancer? [SEP] red meat or meat-cooking methods such as frying and doneness level have been associated with an increased risk of colorectal and other cancers. |||

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] fecal microbiota transplantation has a potential therapeutic value for the treatment of ulcerative colitis as it changes the abundance of bacterial flora and improves the scores for diarrhea, abdominal pain, and mucous membrane lesions in patients with this disease.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] fecal microbiota transplantation may contribute to disease remission in ulcerative colitis; however, the factors that determine the effects of treatment remain unknown.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] fecal bacterial transplants and oral probiotics are becoming important ways to relieve active ulcerative colitis.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] faecal microbiota transplantation is an experimental approach for the treatment of patients with ulcerative colitis.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] the aim of the present study was to prospectively investigate the clinical efficacy of fecal microbiota transplantation in patients with ulcerative colitis and identify the bacterial signatures associated with clinical remission.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] fecal microbiota transplantation is an effective treatment for many gastrointestinal diseases, such as clostridium difficile infection and inflammatory bowel disease, especially ulcerative colitis.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] fecal microbiota transplantation or mixed probiotics vsl#3 achieved good results in clinical remission and clinical response in active ulcerative colitis, and there was no increased risk of adverse reactions.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] to establish a faecal microbiota transplantation treatment protocol in ulcerative colitis patients, and to investigate which patient or donor factors are responsible for the treatment success.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] this systematic review with meta-analysis compared the efficacy and safety of basic treatment combined with fecal microbiota transplantation or mixed probiotics therapy in relieving mild to moderate ulcerative colitis.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] in terms of clinical remission and clinical response to active ulcerative colitis, direct comparisons showed fecal microbiota transplantation (or = 3.47, 95% ci = 1.93-6.25) (or = 2.48, 95% ci = 1.18-5.21) and mixed probiotics vsl#3 (or = 2.40, 95% ci = 1.49-3.88) (or = 3.09, 95% ci = 1.53-6.25) to have better effects than the placebo.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] new data suggest that fecal transplantation could also be efficient in other gastrointestinal diseases, for instance in inflammatory bowel disease, irritable bowel syndrome, but, there are also some data that could imply the efficacy outside the gastrointestinal tract.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] five patients with moderate-severe ulcerative colitis or clostridium difficile infection who ceased to have a therapeutic response to biological therapy, were given fecal microbiota transplant as an alternative to biological therapy and/or immunosuppression.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] the taxonomic composition of the donor's intestinal microbiota is a major factor influencing the efficacy of faecal microbiota transplantation in ulcerative colitis patients.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] colonic infusion of donor human intestinal flora can reverse uc in selected patients.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] based on our clinical cases we tried to evaluate the indications of fecal microbiota transplantation young patients with ulcerative colitis and multiple relapses, in which biological or immunosuppressive treatment were ineffective.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] changes in colonic microflora may play an important role in the pathogenesis of ulcerative colitis, and improvements in the intestinal microflora may relieve the disease.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] clinical indices were used to assess the efficacy of fecal microbiota transplantation, as well as the mayo score, a score used to evaluate the extent of intestinal mucosal lesions in patients with ulcerative colitis.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] fecal microbiota transplantation (fmt), the delivery of stool from a healthy prescreened donor to an individual with disease, is gaining increasing recognition as a potential treatment for inflammatory bowel diseases.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] fecal microbiota transplantation is used with success in persistent (more than two episodes) clostridium difficile infection; it has also gained importance and started to be used in inflammatory bowel disease.

Does stool transplantation help with ulcerative colitis? [SEP] this is an open controlled trial of repeated faecal microbiota transplantation after antibiotic pre-treatment (fmt-group, n = 17) vs antibiotic pre-treatment only (ab-group, n = 10) in 27 therapy refractory ulcerative colitis patients over 90 days. |||

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] emerging trials suggest fecal microbiota transplantation (fmt) is a promising treatment for ulcerative colitis; however, there is a paucity of data in crohn disease (cd).

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] small bowel transplant is an acceptable procedure for intractable crohn's disease (cd).

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] new data suggest that fecal transplantation could also be efficient in other gastrointestinal diseases, for instance in inflammatory bowel disease, irritable bowel syndrome, but, there are also some data that could imply the efficacy outside the gastrointestinal tract.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] fecal microbiota transplantation is an effective treatment for many gastrointestinal diseases, such as clostridium difficile infection and inflammatory bowel disease, especially ulcerative colitis.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] fecal microbiota transplantation (fmt) might be a rescue therapy for refractory inflammatory bowel disease.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] deviation of gut contents away from the inflamed area, bowel rest, or the use of liquid diets appears to benefit crohn's disease.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] fecal microbiota transplantation is used with success in persistent (more than two episodes) clostridium difficile infection; it has also gained importance and started to be used in inflammatory bowel disease.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] fecal bacteriotherapy ('stool transplant') can be effective in treating recurrent clostridium difficile infection, but concerns of donor infection transmission and patient acceptance limit its use.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] fecal microbiota transplantation (fmt), a treatment aiming to restore dysbiosis by transferring stool from a healthy donor into the patient, has cure rates up to 90% in the management of recurrent clostridium difficile (c. difficile) diarrhea.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] faecal diversion produced significant improvement in the disease activity index mean (sem) (before 176 (9); after 114 (9), p < 0.01) and serum albumin concentrations (before 33 (3.0); after 38 (3.0), p < 0.05) in all patients with crohn's colitis.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] fecal bacterial transplants and oral probiotics are becoming important ways to relieve active ulcerative colitis.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] fecal transplant is highly effective, safe, with practically no adverse effects, inexpensive, a procedure easy to be done that could be introduced in clostridium difficile treatment protocols.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] however, questions remain regarding efficacy and safety in inflammatory bowel disease (ibd) patients, as well as longitudinal stability of donor stool composition.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] the high incidence of clinical remission after faecal diversion for crohn's colitis suggests the faecal stream may play a part in the inflammatory mechanism.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] in 2 patients the effect of the fecal microbiota transplant diminished after 10-12 months and the tendency to relapse appeared (3-4 stools/day, blood streaks present sometimes in the stool).

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] in most of the cases, fecal transplant was realized with the infusion of stool through colonoscopy.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] the effect of faecal diversion (n = 22) and restoration of intestinal continuity (n = 10) was assessed in patients with crohn's colitis and compared with controls.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] fecal microbiota transplantation or mixed probiotics vsl#3 achieved good results in clinical remission and clinical response in active ulcerative colitis, and there was no increased risk of adverse reactions.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] five patients with moderate-severe ulcerative colitis or clostridium difficile infection who ceased to have a therapeutic response to biological therapy, were given fecal microbiota transplant as an alternative to biological therapy and/or immunosuppression.

Does stool transplantation help in Crohn's disease??? [SEP] there are theoretical arguments that justify its use in ulcerative colitis or crohn's disease. |||

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] among indian traditional medicinal plants several potential anti-diabetic plants and herbs are being used as part of our diet since prehistoric time.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] ipomoea batatas, agaricus blazei and smallanthus sonchifolius are known to favorably influence diabetes mellitus.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] treatments with ipomoea batatas or agaricus blazei, but not smallanthus sonchifolius, significantly suppressed the increases of fasting plasma glucose and hemoglobin a1c levels, and restored body weight loss during diabetes.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] some of these plants have been shown to possess antioxidant activities, which could help improving diabetes inconveniences.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] the medicinal plant with established hypoglycemic properties garcinia kola heckel might have the potential to mitigate diabetes mellitus metabolic syndrome and complications.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] the study of plants having antidiabetic activity may give a new approach in the treatment of dm.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] thus, the plant can be the key contributor in the treatment of diabetes as an alternative medicine.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] traditionally, artocarpus heterophyllus stem bark has been reputably used in the management of diabetes mellitus and its complications.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] the inhibition of α-glucosidase and α-amylase is a clinical strategy for the treatment of type ii diabetes, and herbal medicines have been reported to credibly alleviate hyperglycemia.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] various plant extracts have proven antidiabetic activity and are considered as promising substitution for antidiabetic drugs.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] this study was performed to study the possible role of indigenous medicinal plants in the regeneration of pancreatic beta-cells and in treatment of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] therefore, administration of this alga would be very helpful in the prevention of diabetic complications.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] the antihyperglycemic effect of 16 plants and 4 algae, commonly used in egypt for the treatment of diabetes mellitus, was investigated.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] india has a long list of native medicinal plants with confirmed blood sugar lowering property.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] in addition, the plant extract showed a significant (*p < 0.05, **p < 0.01) effect on hyperglycemia by increases in percent of β-cells present in each islet (45% - 60%) compared to the diabetic group.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] the identification of natural products that can modulate blood glucose levels is of great interest as it can possibly facilitate the utilization of mild interventions such as herbal medicine or functional foods in the treatment of chronic diseases like diabetes.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] if the products are found to improve lipid and glucose levels, it will provide evidence for their use in people with pre-diabetes to help reduce the risk of progression to type 2 diabetes.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] the current paper is aimed at providing a review on clinical and experimental studies carried out on the most effective and commonly used hypoglycemic plants and herbs species from traditional indian flora.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] conclusion: the results suggest that ethanol extract of artocarpus heterophyllus stem bark may be useful in ameliorating complications associated with diabetes mellitus patients.

Can remedies from the iambul tree improve blood glucose control in diabetes or precursors of diabetes ("pre-diabetes")? [SEP] previous studies have confirmed the anti diabetic properties of acacia nilotica. |||

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] have studies proven the vaccine to be effective against the types of hpv associated with cervical cancer?

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] human papillomavirus (hpv) vaccination and cervical screening prevent cervical cancer effectively.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] research shows that vaccination against human papillomavirus (hpv) infection is one of the most effective methods for reducing risk for cervical cancer; it also protects against other hpv-related cancers.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] the hpv vaccine has a very significant impact on the incidence of cervical cancer.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] human papillomavirus (hpv) vaccination, which is recommended for u.s. women and girls aged 11-26 years, effectively prevents cervical cancer.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] women who have been vaccinated for hpv are more likely to have been screened for cervical cancer.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] this review summarizes the evidence for the population impact of vaccines against oncogenic hpv types in reducing the prevalence of cervical precancerous lesions.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] the human papillomavirus (hpv) vaccine has the potential to greatly reduce the incidence of cervical cancer by protecting against hpv infections responsible for 70% of cervical cancer diagnoses.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] inequalities in cervical cancer may be increased following mass vaccination against the human papillomavirus (hpv) if girls with low vaccine uptake also have low future participation in cervical cancer screening.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] however, preliminary research has indicated that women vaccinated against hpv may be less likely to undergo cervical cancer screening and engage in safe sexual behaviour.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] hpv vaccination reduces the risk of developing malignant lesions and is expected to change the dynamics of hpv transmission.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] while the hpv vaccine significantly reduces the risk of hpv infection and subsequent cervical cancer diagnosis, underuse is linked to lack of knowledge of its effectiveness in preventing cervical cancer.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] this exploratory study examined the relationship between cervical cancer screening rates and hpv vaccination.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] effective vaccination is now available to prevent human papillomavirus (hpv), the most common sexually transmitted infection and the cause of cervical cancer, which is the second most common cancer among women worldwide.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] depending on uptake patterns, hpv vaccine could reduce existing disparities in cervical cancer.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] effective vaccination is now available to prevent human papillomavirus (hpv), the most common sexually transmitted infection and the cause of cervical cancer, the second most common cancer among women worldwide.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] vaccination is available to prevent human papillomavirus (hpv) types that cause cervical and other cancers.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] human papillomavirus vaccines prevent human papillomavirus infection and cervical precancers.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] cervical cancer control includes primary prevention through vaccination to prevent human papillomavirus (hpv) infection and secondary prevention through screening to detect and treat cervical precancerous lesions.

Does HPV vaccination reduce the risk of cervical cancer in girls? [SEP] human papillomavirus (hpv) infection is the primary risk factor for cervical cancer. |||

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] fecal bacteriotherapy ('stool transplant') can be effective in treating recurrent clostridium difficile infection, but concerns of donor infection transmission and patient acceptance limit its use.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] fecal transplantation was shown to effectively reduce the reoccurrence in patients with refractory clostridium difficile infection.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] faecal microbiota transplantation is an effective therapy for recurrent clostridioides difficile infection, with potential therapeutic applications in other health conditions.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] fecal transplant is highly effective, safe, with practically no adverse effects, inexpensive, a procedure easy to be done that could be introduced in clostridium difficile treatment protocols.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] we conclude that c. difficile infection can be successfully treated by fecal microbiota transplantation and that this leads to stable transformation of the distal gut microbial community from the one abundant in aerotolerant species to that dominated by members of the clostridia.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] here we describe the use of a stool substitute preparation, made from purified intestinal bacterial cultures derived from a single healthy donor, to treat recurrent c. difficile infection that had failed repeated standard antibiotics.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] while faecal microbiota transplant has been shown to be effective for recurrent c difficile infection, there is little data on the utility of faecal microbiota transplant in severe or fulminant c difficile infection.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] faecal microbiota transplantation from donors with a normal microbiota effectively treats c. difficile infection.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] the results from this study indicate that rectal bacteriotherapy is a viable alternative to faecal microbiota transplantation in patients with relapsing c. difficile-associated diarrhoea.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] in cases of recurrent c. difficile infection, fecal microbiota transplant (fmt) is a highly effective treatment option promoting the restoration of normal gut microbiota.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] faecal microbiota transplantation provides mortality benefit over standard of care for severe and fulminant c difficile infection and should be considered in critically ill patients.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] fecal microbiota transplantation (fmt) is an alternate treatment option for recurrent c. difficile infection (rcdi) refractory to antibiotic therapy.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] the study involved 10 patients with recurrent c. difficile infection, nine of whom received transplants from individual donors and one who received a donor unit from a stool bank (openbiome).

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] to compare the outcomes of antibiotics and faecal microbiota transplantation vs antibiotics alone (standard of care) in critically ill patients with severe or fulminant c difficile infection.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] all individuals demonstrated enduring post-transplant resolution of c. difficile- associated diarrhoea.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] difficile from the stools might prevent relapse.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] clostridium difficile infection is increasingly common with a high risk of recurrence despite antibiotic treatment.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] alteration of the gut microbiota by repeated antibiotic treatment increases susceptibility to clostridioides difficile infection.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] relapse is a common sequel of antibiotic-associated colitis due to clostridium difficile.

Is stool transplantation effective against recurrent Clostridium difficile infections ? [SEP] this proof-of-principle study demonstrates that a stool substitute mixture comprising a multi-species community of bacteria is capable of curing antibiotic-resistant c. difficile colitis. |||

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] 2) does cranberry juice inhibit the adherence of bacteria to bladder cells?

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] a new study suggests that bacterial infections (bacteriuria) and associated influx of white blood cells into the urine (pyuria) can be reduced by nearly 50% in elderly women who drink 300 ml of cranberry juice cocktail each day over the course of a 6-month study.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] the results show that cranberry fruit powder (peel, seeds, pulp) may reduce the risk of symptomatic uti in women with a history of recurrent utis.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] studies bearing on the therapeutic value of cranberries in the prevention and/or treatment of urinary tract infections are reviewed.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] recently, we have reported that aronia juice has an inhibitory effect on dipeptidyl peptidase (dpp iv) activity and that the dpp iv inhibitor in aronia juice was identified as cyanidin 3,5-diglucoside.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] 3) what research evidence exists to support that cranberry juice is an effective intervention for urinary tract infections?

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] objective • this study intended to evaluate the benefits of a highly concentrated cranberry juice for the prevention of repeated episodes of uti in uncircumcised boys.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] background • highly concentrated cranberry juice has long been considered to have protective properties against urinary tract infections (utis), on the basis of its content of cranberry proanthocyanidins, with a-type interflavan bonds.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] conclusions • cranberry juice may reduce the number of repeated episodes of uti in uncircumcised boys and may have beneficial effects against the growth of gram-negative bacterial pathogens.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] cranberry ( vaccinium macrocarpon) juice is traditionally used for the prevention of urinary tract infections.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] along with earlier reports on the ability of cranberry juice to inhibit bacterial adherence to urinary epithelial cells in cell culture, this new work suggests that drinking cranberry juice each day may be clinically useful.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] cranberry (vaccinium macrocarpon) juice has been used for urinary tract infections for approximately 50 years.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] aronia berries have many potential effects on health.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] most research on american cranberry in the prevention of urinary tract infection (uti) has used juices.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] cranberry juice has been recognized as a treatment for urinary tract infections on the basis of scientific reports of proanthocyanidin anti-adhesion activity against escherichia coli as well as from folklore.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] the results of this study suggest that consumption of cranberry juice is more effective in treating than preventing bacteriuria and pyuria.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] and 4) does cranberry ingestion enhance antibiotic effectiveness?

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] cranberry juice appears to acidify urine and has bacteriostatic properties, and is widely recommended for the reduction of urinary tract infections.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] this study used oximacro (biosfered s.r.l., turin, italy), a cranberry extract with a high content of pac-a, to prevent utis in female and male volunteers.

Does the juice of the aronia berry help against cystitis? [SEP] cranberry juices and extracts have been used for uti prevention due to their content of bioactive proanthocyanidins (pacs), particularly of the a type (pac-a). |||

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] intermittent fasting is a promising nutritional approach against obesity and its related metabolic diseases.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] intermittent fasting (if) is proposed as a viable alternative to moderate calorie restriction (cr) for weight loss and metabolic health, but few long term randomized trials have been conducted.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] intermittent fasting has been proposed as a potential nutrition approach against obesity and metabolic disease.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] over the past 10 to 15 years, intermittent fasting has emerged as an unconventional approach to reduce body weight and improve metabolic health beyond simple calorie restriction.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] intermittent fasting (if), a periodic energy restriction, has been shown to provide health benefits equivalent to prolonged fasting or caloric restriction.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] intermittent fasting (if; severe restriction 1 d/week) facilitates weight loss and improves coronary heart disease (chd) risk indicators.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] recent studies have examined the effect of two intermittent fasting approaches, that is, alternate day fasting (adf) and time-restricted eating (tre), on weight loss and cardiometabolic risk factors.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] intermittent fasting does not improve weight loss compared to continuous energy restriction (cer), where energy intake is restricted every day.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] intermittent fasting (if) is a dietary intervention often used as an alternative to caloric restriction (cr) and characterized by 24 hour cycles alternating ad libitum feeding and fasting.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] intermittent fasting (if) regimens have gained considerable popularity in recent years, as some people find these diets easier to follow than traditional calorie restriction (cr) approaches.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] intermittent fasting is a form of time restricted eating (typically 16 h fasting and 8 h eating), which has gained popularity in recent years and shows promise as a possible new paradigm in the approach to weight loss and the reduction of inflammation, and has many potential long term health benefits.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] intermittent fasting or alternate day fasting may be an option for achieving weight loss and maintenance.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] the potential health benefits of fasting can be related to both the acute food restriction and chronic influence of weight loss; the long-term effect of chronic food restriction in humans is not yet clear, but may be a potentially interesting future dietary strategy for longevity, particularly given the overweight epidemic.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] we tested the hypothesis that a one-meal-per-day intermittent fasting with high fat (hf) or protein (hp) diets can modify energy, lipid, and glucose metabolism in normal young male sprague-dawley rats with diet-induced obesity or overweight.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] fasting resulted in a significant reduction in body weight, improved well-being and had a beneficial modulating effect on blood lipids and glucose regulation.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] current data suggest that intermittent fasting may be beneficial for overall health and wellbeing.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] intermittent fasting (imf) is a relatively new dietary approach to weight management, although the efficacy and adverse effects have not been full elucidated and the optimal diets for imf are unknown.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] fasting decreases body weight, lean body and fat content in both trained and untrained individuals.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] two intermittent fasting variants, intermittent energy restriction (ier) and time-restricted feeding (trf), have received considerable interest as strategies for weight-management and/or improving metabolic health.

Is Intermittent Fasting suitable for reducing excess weight as well as a conventional low calorie diet? [SEP] this approach does seem to promote weight loss, but is linked to hunger, which can be a limiting factor for maintaining food restriction. |||

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] measles can persist in the central nervous system and cause subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (sspe), a progressive disease that is almost always fatal.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] purpose/aim of the study: subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (sspe) is a degenerative disease of the brain caused by a persistent measles virus infection occurring mostly in childhood or early adolescence.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] measles virus has been suggested to cause subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (sspe), a slow central nervous system disease of children.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] subacute sclerosing panencephalitis, a devastating neurologic illness, is prone to develop years after measles infection.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] subacute sclerosing panencephalitis, a devastating neurologic illness, is prone to develop years after measles infection.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (sspe) is an inflammatory neurodegenerative disease related to the persistence of measles virus.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] mutated measles virus variants have been claimed as the causing agent for subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (sspe) developing several years after the recovery from measles infection.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (sspe) is a devastating disease of the central nervous system (cns) caused by persistent mutant measles virus infection.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (sspe) is a progressive neurodegenerative disease caused by the measles (rubeola) virus and is most often seen in children.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (sspe), in the majority of cases, is caused by the wild measles virus, although there are some reports relating sspe to vaccination.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (sspe) is a rare chronic, progressive encephalitis affecting primarily children and young adults, caused by a persistent infection of immune resistant measles virus.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (sspe) is a chronic encephalitis occurring after infection with measles virus.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (sspe) is a chronic infection of the central nervous system associated with the presence of mutant measles virus in the brain.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (sspe) is a slowly progressing fatal human disease of the central nervous system (cns) that is associated with measles virus persistence.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] sspe appears years after these children have had the measles but still a measles-like virus can be found in their brain and in other organs.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] the inflammation of measles-induced subacute sclerosing panencephalitis, even subclinical cases, could well promote tumor formation, since many tumors arise from sites of infection, chronic irritation and inflammation.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] the inflammation of measles-induced subacute sclerosing panencephalitis, even subclinical cases, could well promote tumor formation, since many tumors arise from sites of infection, chronic irritation and inflammation.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] several factors influence the risk of chronic brain infection with the mutant measles virus.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] to determine whether exposure to a measles epidemic in utero or in infancy is a risk factor for the development of crohn's disease, and to determine whether such an association can be found in individuals with subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (sspe), a condition in which early infection with measles is known to be of aetiological importance.

Is the risk for the brain inflammation SSPE as a consequence of measles disease greater than long assumed? That is, out of every 100,000 people infected with measles, does more than one person develop SSPE (subacute sclerosing panencephalitis) later in life? [SEP] the diagnosis of sspe is based on characteristic clinical and eeg findings and demonstration of elevated antibody titres against measles in cerebrospinal fluid. |||

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] to estimate the clinical effectiveness of acupuncture to induce labor.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] induction of labor by acupuncture electro-stimulation was carried out in 31 patients.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] the aim of the present study is to investigate the effect of acupuncture to induce labor.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] the present study suggested that acupuncture applied at term of pregnancy seems to be effective in reducing the rate of labor induction which is performed for prolonged pregnancy at 41 + 5 weeks.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] two sessions of manual acupuncture, using local and distal acupuncture points, administered 2 days before a scheduled induction of labor did not reduce the need for induction methods or the duration of labor for women with a postterm pregnancy.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] the rate of labor induction significantly differed between acupuncture and observation groups (19.6% vs. 38%; p < 0.01); in particular, women receiving acupuncture showed a lower rate of induction, indicating prolonged pregnancy (5.3% vs. 10.1%; p < 0.01).

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] to assess if acupuncture influences the onset of labour and the need for induction after prelabour rupture of membranes (prom) in nulliparous women.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] the present study demonstrated that acupuncture applied every odd day for one week seems ineffective in reducing the rate of labor induction performed for prolonged pregnancy at 41 + 5 weeks.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] the aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of acupressure on the initiation of labor.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] acupuncture was applied in post-date pregnancies one week before a planned induction; the primary outcome was the rate of women submitted to labor induction for prolonged pregnancy at week 41 + 5.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] acupressure is a natural method that is used for inducing uterine contractions.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] acupuncture treatment used in nulliparas after prom showed no significant effect in reducing time to active labour or in reducing rate of inductions.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] according to the finding of this study, it seems that acupressure treatment was not effective in initiating labor as compared with the sham acupressure and the routine care groups.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] nevertheless, few studies have examined the impact of acupressure on the induction of labor.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] there was no change in wellbeing as a result of acupuncture, but it was considered positive to receive this kind of treatment while waiting for labour to begin.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] induction of labor refers to iatrogenic stimulation of uterine contractions before the onset of spontaneous labor as a therapeutic option when benefits of expeditious delivery outweigh the risks of continuing the pregnancy.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] this article reviews both nonpharmacologic and pharmacologic methods for labor induction, and offers suggestions for successful induction in various circumstances.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] traditional chinese medicine advocates the use of acupuncture to soften the cervix and induce uterine contractions.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] traditional chinese medicine advocates the use of acupuncture to soften the cervix and induce uterine contractions.

Can acupuncture for labor induction trigger the onset of labor? [SEP] to investigate between-group differences in time elapsed between inclusion and delivery, survival analysis was performed excluding women requiring labor induction: women receiving acupuncture showed a trend to deliver earlier than women in the observation group (p < 0.09). |||

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] dietary fiber has been associated with a reduced risk of colorectal cancer.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] contrary to previous recommendations, there is no strong evidence to suggest that fiber intake (including more fruits and vegetables) has any effect on colorectal cancer risk.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] although the association was not statistically significant for colorectal cancer overall (hr: 0.85; 95% ci: 0.70, 1.03; p-trend = 0.10), a reduced risk of distal colon cancer was observed with increased total fiber intake (hr: 0.62; 95% ci: 0.41, 0.94; p-trend = 0.03).

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] many epidemiological and experimental studies have suggested that dietary fiber plays an important role in colon cancer prevention.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] whether the intake of dietary fiber can protect against colorectal cancer is a long-standing question of considerable public health import, but the epidemiologic evidence has been inconsistent.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] this large, prospective study within a population-based screening trial suggests that individuals consuming the highest intakes of dietary fiber have reduced risks of incident colorectal adenoma and distal colon cancer and that this effect of dietary fiber, particularly from cereals and fruit, may begin early in colorectal carcinogenesis.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] it has been hypothesized that increased intakes of fiber, vitamin c, and beta carotene could decrease the risk of colorectal cancer.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] if causality is assumed, we estimate that risk of colorectal cancer in the u.s. population could be reduced about 31% (50,000 cases annually) by an average increase in fiber intake from food sources of about 13 g/d, corresponding to an average increase of about 70%.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] this article reviews the current knowledge concerning the mechanisms via which dietary fiber protects against colon cancer.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] in analyses of fiber from different food sources, only fiber from grains was associated with a lower risk of colorectal cancer (multivariate rr(q5-q1): 0.86; 95% ci: 0.76, 0.98; p for trend = 0.01).

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] elevated total dietary fiber intake was associated with a significantly reduced risk of incident distal colorectal adenoma (orhighest vs. lowest tertile of intake: 0.76; 95% ci: 0.63, 0.91; p-trend = 0.003) but not recurrent adenoma (p-trend = 0.67).

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] the objective was to investigate the relation between dietary fiber and whole-grain food intakes and invasive colorectal cancer in the prospective national institutes of health-aarp diet and health study.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] this analysis provides substantive evidence that intake of fiber-rich foods is inversely related to risk of cancers of both the colon and rectum.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] dietary fibers are considered to reduce the risk of colon cancer as they are converted to short chain fatty acids by the presence of anaerobic bacteria in the intestine, but imbalanced diet and high fat consumption may promote tumor formation at different sites, including the large bowel via increased bacterial enzymes activity.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] recommendations to increase consumption of fiber-containing food and decrease the intake of dietary fat should form the basis of a diet that is unlikely to do harm, and may have the potential for reducing the development of colon cancer, in humans.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] in this large prospective cohort study, total dietary fiber intake was not associated with colorectal cancer risk, whereas whole-grain consumption was associated with a modest reduced risk.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] support for a protective role for certain dietary fibers in the etiology of colon cancer has come from nutritional epidemiologic studies.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] total dietary fiber intake was not associated with colorectal cancer.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] the claim that populations at low risk for colon cancer generally consume a more fiber-rich diet than those at high risk, has been used to postulate a protective role for this group of substances.

Can switching to a higher fiber diet prevent colorectal cancer? [SEP] the objective was to prospectively evaluate the association between dietary fiber intake and the risk of incident and recurrent colorectal adenoma and incident colorectal cancer. |||

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] to assess the effect of antenatal perineal massage on the incidence of perineal trauma at birth and subsequent morbidity.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] to assess the effect of antenatal digital perineal massage on the incidence of perineal trauma at birth and subsequent morbidity.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] antenatal perineal massage has been proposed as one method of decreasing the incidence of perineal trauma.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] antenatal perineal massage has been proposed as one method of decreasing the incidence of perineal trauma.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] antenatal perineal massage is recommended to reduce perineal trauma at the time of delivery.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] antenatal perineal massage is associated with a lower risk of severe perineal trauma and postpartum complications.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] we hypothesized that antenatal perineal massage could decrease the incidence of perineal trauma, particularly severe perineal tears and other postpartum complications.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] antenatal digital perineal massage was associated with an overall reduction in the incidence of trauma requiring suturing (four trials, 2480 women, risk ratio (rr) 0.91 (95% confidence interval (ci) 0.86 to 0.96), number needed to treat to benefit (nntb) 15 (10 to 36)) and women practicing perineal massage were less likely to have an episiotomy (four trials, 2480 women, rr 0.84 (95% ci 0.74 to 0.95), nntb 21 (12 to 75)).

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] although the performance of perineal massage by a woman or her partner during the last weeks of pregnancy may help to prevent perineal trauma at delivery, the technique has never been evaluated rigorously.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] to evaluate the effectiveness of antenatal perineal massage in increasing the likelihood of delivering with an intact perineum.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] women who received antenatal perineal massage had significantly lower incidence of episiotomies (rr = 0.79, 95% ci , p < 0.001) and perineal tears (rr = 0.79, 95% ci , p = 0.007), particularly the risk of third- and fourth-degree perineal tears (p = 0.03).

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] antenatal perineal massage was associated with an overall reduction in the incidence of trauma requiring suturing (three trials, 2417 women, relative risk (rr) 0.91 (95% confidence interval (ci) 0.86 to 0.96), number needed to treat (nnt) 16 (10 to 39)).

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] to determine the effect of perineal massage in the second stage of labor on perineal lacerations, episiotomy, and perineal pain in nulliparous women.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] antenatal perineal massage was found to significantly affect postnatal perineal pain scores although it did not impact on the incidence of intact perineum at delivery, postnatal continence scores, anal manometry pressures, or endoanal ultrasound findings.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] regarding the results of this study and those of other studies, perineal massage during the second stage of labor can reduce the need to episiotomy, perineal injuries, and perineal pain.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] antenatal perineal massage has been shown to reduce the incidence of perineal tears in primiparous women.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] antenatal perineal massage reduces the likelihood of perineal trauma (mainly episiotomies) and the reporting of ongoing perineal pain and is generally well accepted by women.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] better wound healing and less perineal pain were evident in the antenatal perineal massage group.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials evaluating any described method of antenatal perineal massage undertaken for at least the last four weeks of pregnancy.

Can perineal massage during pregnancy help prevent birth injury in first-time mothers? [SEP] randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials evaluating any described method of antenatal digital perineal massage undertaken for at least the last four weeks of pregnancy. |||

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] intravenous administration of high-dose vitamin c has recently attracted attention as a cancer therapy.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] biological and some clinical evidence suggest that high-dose intravenous vitamin c (ivc) could increase the effectiveness of cancer chemotherapy.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] early clinical studies showed that high-dose vitamin c, given by intravenous and oral routes, may improve symptoms and prolong life in patients with terminal cancer.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] considering its low toxicity and availability, the present study indicates that vitamin c may be a novel therapeutic method for patients with advanced tumors.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] in light of recent clinical pharmacokinetic findings and in vitro evidence of anti-tumour mechanisms, these case reports indicate that the role of high-dose intravenous vitamin c therapy in cancer treatment should be reassessed.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] thus, a specific anticancer effect can be achieved at high doses of vitamin c therapy.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] the anti-cancer effect of high doses of intravenous vitamin c (high-dose vitamin c) remains controversial despite growing evidence that high-dose vitamin c exerts anti-tumorigenic activity by increasing the amount of reactive oxygen species in cancer cells without meaningful toxicities.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] altered metabolism of cancer cells by vitamin c can be beneficial by itself and promote activity of specific drugs.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] especially in the public, vitamin c is considered supportive for the treatment of cancer and supplementation is common.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] high-dose vitamin c induces pro-oxidant effects and selectively kills cancer cells.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] this article reviews intravenous vitamin c (iv c) in cancer care and offers a rational approach to enable medical oncologists and integrative practitioners to safely provide iv c combined with oral vitamin c to patients.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] in vivo, intratumoral delivery of vitamin c delayed tumor growth in murine solid tumor models.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] high intravenous doses of vitamin c (ascorbic acid) have been reported to benefit cancer patients, but the data are controversial and there is incomplete knowledge of what physiological mechanisms might be involved in any response.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] vitamin c was found to induce cytotoxicity against cancers.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] vitamin c as a cancer therapy has a controversial history.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] various experimental studies have shown the ability of pharmacological doses of vitamin c alone or in combinations with clinically used drugs to exert beneficial effects in various models of human cancers.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] we found 3 well-documented cases of advanced cancers, confirmed by histopathologic review, where patients had unexpectedly long survival times after receiving high-dose intravenous vitamin c therapy.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] over the past century, the notion that vitamin c can be used to treat cancer has generated much controversy.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] combining high-dose vitamin c with conventional anti-cancer drugs can have therapeutic advantages against breast cancer cells.

Can cancer be effectively treated with vitamin C infusions? [SEP] studies have shown that pharmacological vitamin c targets many of the mechanisms that cancer cells utilize for their survival and growth. |||

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] numerous popular "detoxification" supplements claim to promote the removal of harmful compounds from the body, thereby alleviating gastrointestinal symptoms, improving body composition, and enhancing overall health.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] detox diets are popular dieting strategies that claim to facilitate toxin elimination and weight loss, thereby promoting health and well-being.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] the present review examines whether detox diets are necessary, what they involve, whether they are effective and whether they present any dangers.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] introduction numerous detoxification or "detox" diets purport to eliminate toxins from the body, help with weight loss, and improve health.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] in disease-free adults, a 7-day course of detoxification may produce improvements in subjective health reports.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] this study investigates whether a 7-day program of detoxification can improve well-being and enhance the activity of liver detoxification pathways.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] a handful of clinical studies have shown that commercial detox diets enhance liver detoxification and eliminate persistent organic pollutants from the body, although these studies are hampered by flawed methodologies and small sample sizes.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] better detoxification techniques would help patients who are ready to discontinue the use of methadone as well as those who want to start naltrexone treatment.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] a simple 7-day detoxification program resulted in a significant reduction in participant symptomology.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] the tendency toward improvement in liver detoxification measures is consistent with the hypothesis that improved liver detoxification capacity may contribute to well-being.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] although the detox industry is booming, there is very little clinical evidence to support the use of these diets.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] the present double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial was conducted to examine the effects of a purported detoxification supplement in healthy young adult females.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] this is an area that deserves attention so that consumers can be informed of the potential benefits and risks of detox programmes.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] removal of toxins from the body is an integral part of ayurvedic, yogic, and naturopathic medicine.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] these results indicate that consuming a commercially available dietary supplement that purportedly provides detoxification and body composition benefits is apparently safe in healthy young adult females but does not provide any beneficial effects for body composition or gastrointestinal symptoms.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] there is preliminary evidence to suggest that certain foods such as coriander, nori and olestra have detoxification properties, although the majority of these studies have been performed in animals.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] this simple, short-term intervention may be appropriate for disease-free individuals without specific toxin exposure, for the purpose of enhancing health and preventing the development of disease.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] pre- and postmeasures were taken using the metabolic screening questionnaire (as a subjective assessment of well-being) and drug challenge tests to assess hepatic detoxification capacity.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] this improvement in patient-assessed health occurred concurrently with a 23% increase in liver detoxification capacity, as reflected by the caffeine clearance measure.

Are detox cures good for health? [SEP] symptoms of poor health in people free from diagnosed disease may be related to toxin buildup. |||

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] the intake of sugar-sweetened soft drinks has been reported to be associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes, but it is unclear whether this is because of the sugar content or related lifestyle factors, whether similar associations hold for artificially sweetened soft drinks, and how these associations are related to bmi.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages has been shown, largely in american populations, to increase type 2 diabetes incidence.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] there is an association between the consumption of artificial sweeteners and type 2 diabetes in cohort studies, but intervention studies do not show a clear elevation of blood glucose after the use of artificial sweeteners.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] the consumption of sweet beverages has been associated with greater risk of type 2 diabetes and obesity, which may be involved in the development of pancreatic cancer.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] this study corroborates the association between increased incidence of type 2 diabetes and high consumption of sugar-sweetened soft drinks in european adults.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] dietary sugar has been largely related to the onset of metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes and obesity, among others.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] we aimed to evaluate the association of consumption of sweet beverages (juices and nectars, sugar-sweetened soft drinks and artificially sweetened soft drinks) with type 2 diabetes incidence in european adults.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages has been shown to be associated with dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, fatty liver, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] sugar intake abuse is directly related with the increase of metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes, obesity, and insulin resistance.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] intake of sugary drinks, especially soft drinks, carries increased risk for obesity and diabetes.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] increased sugar consumption may adversely affect glycemic control in patients with diabetes.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] sugar-sweetened soft drinks are a prevalent source of readily absorbable sugars and have been associated with an increased risk of obesity and diabetes.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] consumption of sucrose-sweetened soft drinks might further increase the prevalence of hyperglycemic episodes.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] in adjusted models, one 336 g (12 oz) daily increment in sugar-sweetened and artificially sweetened soft drink consumption was associated with hrs for type 2 diabetes of 1.22 (95% ci 1.09, 1.38) and 1.52 (95% ci 1.26, 1.83), respectively.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] concerns are growing regarding the role of dietary sugars in the development of obesity and cardiometabolic diseases, including diabetes.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] after further adjustment for energy intake and bmi, the association of sugar-sweetened soft drinks with type 2 diabetes persisted (hr 1.18, 95% ci 1.06, 1.32), but the association of artificially sweetened soft drinks became statistically not significant (hr 1.11, 95% ci 0.95, 1.31).

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] moderate consumption of sucrose-sweetened beverages does not further increase the prevalence of hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetic subjects or in normoglycemic lean or obese men.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] dietary added sugars are associated with a greater risk for t2d; however, it is unclear if added sugars influence t2d risk directly or if their effects are mediated by excess caloric intake and weight gain.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] we investigated whether higher consumption of sugar-sweetened soft drinks increases the risk of pancreatic cancer.

Do sweeteners increase the risk of type 2 diabetes or sugar metabolism disorders? [SEP] however, recent data suggest that artificial sweeteners may impact intestinal glucose absorption and that they might lead to glucose intolerance. |||

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] higher influenza vaccine dose has been associated with reduced risk of influenza illness.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] improving flu vaccination rates in the general population is an important and effective strategy toward reducing morbidity, mortality, and the cost of seasonal influenza.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] this study examines the relationship between the risk of flu infection and the probability of getting vaccinated.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] while repeated influenza vaccination reduces seroresponse, vaccine effectiveness is not always reduced.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] the flu, a condition that can affect the elderly by increasing the risk of serious complications can be prevented through vaccination.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] influenza vaccination of hiv1-seropositive subjects generally protects against specific flu, especially if the patients have not reached a too-advanced stage.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] influenza vaccination gave meaningful protection against laboratory-confirmed influenza in people with asthma across all seasons.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] the model shows that, even in the presence of vaccine interference, revaccination reduces the influenza attack rate and provides individual benefits.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] vaccination in both the current and previous seasons was associated with a higher ve against hospitalization with influenza than vaccination in either single season.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] influenza vaccination can potentially reduce the incidence of influenza in people with asthma, but uptake remains persistently low, partially reflecting concerns about vaccine effectiveness (ve).

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] influenza is one of the most common causes of human morbidity and mortality that is preventable by vaccination.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] annual influenza vaccination is a key to preventing widespread influenza infections.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] strategies to boost influenza vaccine uptake have the potential to substantially reduce influenza-triggered asthma attacks.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] vaccination was associated with an overall 55.0% (95% confidence interval [ci], 45.8-62.7) risk reduction of laboratory-confirmed influenza infections in people with asthma over 6 seasons.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] there was a significant association between vaccination interval and influenza result in the main effects model.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] the most effective way to prevent influenza and its spread is vaccination which requires good vaccination coverage of vulnerable groups and health professionals in contact with these patient groups.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] vaccination is considered the most effective preventive measure against influenza transmission, yet vaccination rates during the 2009/10 influenza a/h1n1 pandemic were low across the world, with the majority of people declining to receive the vaccine.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] influenza vaccination aims to prevent infection by influenza virus and reduce associated morbidity and mortality; however, vaccine effectiveness (ve) can be modest, especially for subtype a(h3n2).

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] recent reports of influenza vaccine effectiveness (ve) indicate that vaccination in prior years may reduce ve in the current season, suggesting vaccine interference.

Does flu vaccination reduce the likelihood of getting the flu (influenza)? [SEP] vaccination can decrease the morbidity and mortality caused by influenza, yet vaccination rates remain low, especially among minority groups. |||

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] the aim of this study was to analyze the effect of radon therapy on pain in rheumatic diseases.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] the existing trials suggest a positive effect of radon therapy on pain in rheumatic diseases.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] radon therapy is clinically useful for the treatment of inflammatory diseases.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] radon therapy is clinically useful for the treatment of pain-related diseases.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] in this study, we aimed to determine whether radon inhalation actually induced a remission of neuropathic pain and improved the quality of life.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] the pain-relieving effects of low-dose radon therapies on patients suffering from chronic painful inflammatory diseases have been described for centuries.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] treatment with radon inhalation, specifically at a concentration of 2000 bq/m(3) , produced antinociceptive effects, i.e., lowered plasma tnf-α, ne and no levels and restored sod activity, as well as pain-related behaviour.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] the results showed that radon inhalation inhibited formalin-induced inflammatory pain.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] radon inhalation produced antinociceptive effects, i.e., lowered serum tnf-α and no levels, and restored antioxidative functions.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] included were all prospective randomized controlled clinical trials that compared clinical effects of radon therapy with other interventions in patients with rheumatic diseases and studied pain intensity.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] this study showed that inhalation of 2000 bq/m(3) radon prevented and alleviated cci-induced neuropathic pain in mice.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] in this study, we investigated the antinociceptive effects of radon inhalation in a mouse model of formalin-induced inflammatory pain.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] first, we investigated the antinociceptive effects of radon inhalation in the chronic constriction injury (cci) model of neuropathic pain.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] the rad-on01 study showed for the first time a modulation of the peripheral immune cells following standard radon spa therapy.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] in conclusion, in this first study of radiation synovectomy using 188re-tin-colloid for patients with rheumatoid arthritis, the treatment resulted in the improvement of arthritis and was well tolerated.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] the aim of this study is to assess the effectiveness of radiosynovectomy (rsv) using (177)lu-labeled hydroxyapatite ((177)lu-ha) in the treatment of painful synovitis and recurrent joint effusion of knee joints in rheumatoid arthritis (ra).

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] rheumatoid arthritis (ra) is an inflammatory chronic disease characterized by inflammation, pain, swelling and disability and radiosynovectomy is one of the disease treatment lines.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] one therapeutic approach to rheumatoid arthritis and other inflammatory arthropathies besides surgical removal of inflamed synovium is radiation synovectomy using beta-emitting radionuclides to destroy the affected synovial tissue.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] five clinical trials with a total of 338 patients and comparing the effect on pain of radon baths (three trials) or radon speleotherapy (two trials) with control intervention in degenerative spinal disease (two trials), rheumatoid arthritis (one trial) and ankylosing spondylitis (two trials) met the inclusion criteria.

Can therapy with the radioactive gas radon noticeably alleviate pain in rheumatism-related joint inflammation (rheumatoid arthritis)? [SEP] cci surgery induced mechanical allodynia and hyperalgesia on a plantar surface of mice, as assessed using von frey test, and 2000 bq/m(3) radon inhalation alleviated hyperalgesic conditions 22-37% compared to bg level concentration. |||

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] hyaluronan (ha) has been proven to be effective in relieving joint pain and improving function in chronic osteoarthritis.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] recent studies argue for the usefulness of a biomechanical approach to improve function and possibly reduce disease progression in osteoarthritis.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] to examine the effect of a topical cream consisting of cetylated fatty acids on functional performance in patients diagnosed with osteoarthritis (oa) of one or both knees.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] to compare joint lavage with sham intervention, placebo or non-intervention control in terms of effects on pain, function and safety outcomes in patients with knee osteoarthritis.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] the osteoarthritis model was induced by intra-articular injection of monosodium iodoacetate (mia).

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] conclusion: this study provides preliminary evidence that a single injection of nasha may be efficacious over 6 months and well tolerated in patients with symptomatic glenohumeral osteoarthritis.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] this review examines the recent literature on the potential beneficial effects of unloading joints in the treatment of osteoarthritis, with a focus on joint distraction.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] use of a cfa topical cream is an effective treatment for improving knee rom, ability to ascend/descend stairs, ability to rise from sitting, walk and sit down, and unilateral balance.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] patients are increasingly becoming interested in nonpharmacologic approaches to manage their osteoarthritis.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] the findings of the present study indicate that a moderate treadmill exercise program exert a beneficial influence on rats' knee osteoarthritis.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] recent clinical data have demonstrated that the anti-inflammatory and chondroprotective actions of hyaluronic acid viscosupplementation reduce pain, from 4 to 14 weeks after injection, while improving patient function.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] histological assessment on 3 measurements of, depth ratio of lesions (p=0.001), total cartilage degeneration width (p=0.001), and significant cartilage degeneration width (p=0.001), demonstrated that moderate exercise for 4 weeks could surprisingly almost treat oa symptoms of rats' knee joints.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] the non-pharmacological treatment of osteoarthritis (oa) includes exercise therapy; however, little is known about the specific effect of exercise on the joint per se.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] thirty minutes of mechanical loading of a single knee joint in human subjects with knee oa resulted in a reduced comp concentration in sf.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] to improve patient function and possibly reduce disease progression, a biomechanical approach should be considered in treating patients with osteoarthritis.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] the aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of a four-week moderate treadmill exercise on rats' knee osteoarthritis.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] until recently, osteoarthritis (oa) was classified as a mechanical wear-and-tear disorder of articular cartilage, for which only pain-modifying therapies such as nonaddictive analgesics were prescribed.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] osteoarthritis (oa) is a highly prevalent musculoskeletal disorder.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] joint lavage does not result in a relevant benefit for patients with knee osteoarthritis in terms of pain relief or improvement of function.

Does frankincense help with painful joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] osteoarthritis is the most common form of joint disorder and a leading cause of pain and physical disability. |||

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] these promising results suggest that the combination of salacia reticulata and vitamin d₃ might be highly valuable and potent to treat overweight and obesity, especially in addition to a modifying lifestyle program.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] chemopreventive administration of vitamin d caused significant reduction of animal body weight.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] these findings demonstrate that the extract of s. reticulata has therapeutic effects on obesity and metabolic disorders by enhancing lipogenesis genes and suppressing lipolysis genes through the activation of ampkα in adipocytes.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] salacia (s.) reticulata, a hippocrateaceae plant distributed in sri lankan and indian forests, has been used as a supplementary food in japan to prevent obesity and diabetes.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] in previous reports, the extract of s. reticulata showed preventive effects on obesity and various metabolic disorders and a suppressive effect on differentiation in premature adipocytes.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] in tsod mice, s. reticulata therapy produced a reduction in body weight and mesenteric fat accumulation, an improvement in abnormal glucose metabolism, and an increase in adiponectin level in plasma.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] the indian plant root salacia reticulata, which is rich in alpha-glucosidase inhibitors, is used for metabolic disorders in ayurvedic medicine.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] salicornia europaea (amaranthaceae) (se) has been shown to reduce obesity, but it remains a problem as a food supplement because of its high salt content (25-35% nacl).

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] the aim of this research was to elucidate the therapeutic efficacy of the extract of s. reticulata on obesity and various metabolic disorders in 12-week-old tsod mice with obesity and metabolic disorders and in mature 3t3-l1 adipocytes.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] the results of this study, support the beneficial role of salba-chia seeds in promoting weight loss and improvements of obesity related risk factors, while maintaining good glycemic control.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] salacia reticulata wight (s. reticulata) is a herbal medicine used for treatment of early diabetes in ayurvedic medicine.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] at 6-months, participants on salba-chia had lost more weight than those on control (1.9 ± 0.5 kg and 0.3 ± 0.4 kg, respectively; p = 0.020), accompanied by a greater reduction in waist circumference (3.5 ± 0.7 cm and 1.1 ± 0.7 cm, respectively; p = 0.027).

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] we examined the antiobesity effects of the hot water-soluble extract (srhw) from the roots of s. reticulata using obese rat models and an in vitro study.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] the aim of this study was to assesse the effect of salba-chia on body weight, visceral obesity and obesity-related risk factors in overweight and obese adults with type 2 diabetes.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] supplementation of salba-chia may be a useful dietary addition to conventional therapy in the management of obesity in diabetes.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] preliminary findings indicate that consumption of salba-chia (salvia hispanica l.), an ancient seed, improves management of type 2 diabetes and suppresses appetite.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] our results demonstrated the protective effects of salvia miltiorrhiza aqueous extract (sma) on bone metabolism were influenced by levels of dietary fat and sucrose in ovariectomized (ovx) rats through its actions on attenuating lipid deposition and oxidative stress in rats.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] moreover, the extract of s. reticulata enhanced the expression of total amp-activated protein kinase α (ampkα) and phosphorylated ampkα in mature adipocytes.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] these findings suggest that dsp may be considered for use as a food supplement intent of controlling obesity through its antiobesity and antiadipogenic properties.

Does the extract of the plant Salacia reticulata in combination with vitamin D ("Exadipin") help to lose weight? [SEP] the body weight was significantly reduced by co-administration of dsp (596.51 ± 19.84 kg, 4.60% and 562.08 ± 9.74 kg, 10.10%, respectively) and ge (576.00 ± 11.29 kg, 7.88%) relative to the hfd group (625.25 ± 14.02 kg) and was accompanied by reduced abdominal fat mass, and serum lipid levels, with no effects on feed intake. |||

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] yoga has been proven to be an effective therapy for chronic low back pain.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] practicing yoga has shown numerous benefits in various chronic painful conditions.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] chronic low back pain is a significant public health problem and, although underused, yoga may be an effective complementary treatment.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] although yoga is an effective treatment for chronic low back pain, little is known about the mechanisms responsible for its benefits.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] yoga is a popular recreational activity in western society and there is an abundance of literature suggesting that yoga may be beneficial for people with a chronic pain disorder.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] to critically compare the effects of yoga for patients with chronic low back pain on pain, disability, quality of life with non-exercise (e.g.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] these results suggest that iyengar yoga provides better improvement in pain reduction and improvement in hrqol in nonspecific chronic back pain than general exercise.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] the practice of yoga causes a reduction in the pain intensity and improves the quality of life in patients with chronic pelvic pain.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] there is a current trend to establish complementary and integrative health interventions for chronic pain, for which yoga has been found to have exciting potential.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] yoga might decrease pain from short term to intermediate term and improve functional disability status from short term to long term compared with non-exercise (e.g.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] yoga is effective for mild to moderate chronic low back pain (clbp), but its comparative effectiveness with physical therapy (pt) is unknown.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] in a trial comparing yoga to intensive stretching and self-care, we explored whether physical (hours of back exercise/week), cognitive (fear avoidance, body awareness, and self-efficacy), affective (psychological distress, perceived stress, positive states of mind, and sleep), and physiological factors (cortisol, dhea) mediated the effects of yoga or stretching on back-related dysfunction (roland-morris disability scale (rdq)).

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] yoga has been shown to decrease disability among people with pain, but it is not known how.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] because even the most basic yoga practices possess many of the components thought to be important in fostering resilience, yoga is a promising means of improving resilience and clinical outcomes for people with chronic pain.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] yoga could significantly reduce pain at 4 to 8 weeks (md = -0.83, 95% ci = -1.19 to -0.48, p<0.00001, i2 = 0%), 3 months (md = -0.43, 95% ci = -0.64 to -0.23, p<0.0001, i2 = 0%), 6 to 7 months (md = -0.56, 95% ci = -1.02 to -0.11, p = 0.02, i2 = 50%), and was not significant in 12 months (md = -0.52, 95% ci = -1.64 to 0.59, p = 0.36, i2 = 87%) compared with non-exercise.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] to compare the effect of iyengar yoga therapy and conventional exercise therapy on pain intensity and hrqol in nonspecific chronic low back pain.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] on the grounds that chronic pain is associated with disruptions of brain-grounded maps of the body, a possible mechanism of yoga is to refine these brain-grounded maps.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] yoga has been shown to improve autonomic function in the healthy population and has been used as an alternative therapy to help improve symptoms associated with various diseases.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] yoga for nhs employees may enhance hrql, reduce disability associated with back pain, lower sickness absence due to musculoskeletal conditions and is likely to be cost-effective.

Does yoga reduce the impairment in everyday life caused by persistent (chronic) back pain? [SEP] however, the comparative effectiveness of yoga and physical therapy, a common mainstream treatment for chronic low back pain, is unknown. |||

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] yoga has been proven to be an effective therapy for chronic low back pain.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] although yoga is an effective treatment for chronic low back pain, little is known about the mechanisms responsible for its benefits.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] studies suggest that yoga is effective for moderate to severe chronic low back pain (clbp) in diverse predominantly lower socioeconomic status populations.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] chronic low back pain is a significant public health problem and, although underused, yoga may be an effective complementary treatment.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] yoga has been found to be efficacious in treating chronic low back pain, yet biomedical treatments are most commonly used for pain.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] yoga is effective for mild to moderate chronic low back pain (clbp), but its comparative effectiveness with physical therapy (pt) is unknown.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] yoga is a popular recreational activity in western society and there is an abundance of literature suggesting that yoga may be beneficial for people with a chronic pain disorder.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] poor physical health at baseline is associated with greater improvement from yoga in back-related function and pain.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] yoga could significantly reduce pain at 4 to 8 weeks (md = -0.83, 95% ci = -1.19 to -0.48, p<0.00001, i2 = 0%), 3 months (md = -0.43, 95% ci = -0.64 to -0.23, p<0.0001, i2 = 0%), 6 to 7 months (md = -0.56, 95% ci = -1.02 to -0.11, p = 0.02, i2 = 50%), and was not significant in 12 months (md = -0.52, 95% ci = -1.64 to 0.59, p = 0.36, i2 = 87%) compared with non-exercise.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] in a trial comparing yoga to intensive stretching and self-care, we explored whether physical (hours of back exercise/week), cognitive (fear avoidance, body awareness, and self-efficacy), affective (psychological distress, perceived stress, positive states of mind, and sleep), and physiological factors (cortisol, dhea) mediated the effects of yoga or stretching on back-related dysfunction (roland-morris disability scale (rdq)).

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] to critically compare the effects of yoga for patients with chronic low back pain on pain, disability, quality of life with non-exercise (e.g.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] yoga might decrease pain from short term to intermediate term and improve functional disability status from short term to long term compared with non-exercise (e.g.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] on the grounds that chronic pain is associated with disruptions of brain-grounded maps of the body, a possible mechanism of yoga is to refine these brain-grounded maps.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] however, the comparative effectiveness of yoga and physical therapy, a common mainstream treatment for chronic low back pain, is unknown.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] yoga had the same effect on pain and disability as any other exercise or physical therapy.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] yoga uses stretching and improves strength so that it theoretically should be beneficial for some musculoskeletal problems.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] two limited studies of yoga in osteoarthritis of the hands and carpal tunnel syndrome show greater improvement in pain than in control groups.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] this meta-analysis provided evidence from very low to moderate investigating the effectiveness of yoga for chronic low back pain patients at different time points.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] yoga could be a complementary treatment method to standard therapy.

Does yoga alleviate the severity of persistent back pain??? [SEP] it is possible that yoga could serve as a useful adjunctive treatment for bd. |||

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] all nurses agreed or strongly agreed that laughter yoga had a positive impact on patients' mood, it was a feasible intervention and they would recommend laughter yoga to their patients.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] laughter and humor therapy have been used in health care to achieve physiological and psychological health-related benefits.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] laughter has shown different physiological and psychological benefits.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] laughter yoga consists of physical exercise, relaxation techniques and simulated vigorous laughter.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] however, current research is beginning to show that laughter may also have serious positive physiological effects for those who engage in it on a regular basis.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] previous studies have only determined the effect of laughter on various health dimensions, whereas, this study quantified the level of laughter that was beneficial or detrimental to health.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] this article also identifies the physical and psychosocial benefits of laughter therapy, and how patients and nurses can engage with this activity to enhance their well-being.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] in the medical field, laughter has been studied for its beneficial effects on health and as a therapeutic method to prevent and treat major medical diseases.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] scientific research has shown that laughter may have both preventive and therapeutic values.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] laughter is a good medicine; it enhances cardiovascular health and the immune system.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] over the years, scientific evidence has corroborated the therapeutic value of laughter, which has been shown to lower bp and heart rate, improve lung capacity, improve memory and alertness, reduce pain, aid digestion, and lower levels of stress hormones.but during a hectic workday, as we witness the worries and sufferings of others, we often forget to laugh.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] humor therapy and the related mirthful laughter are suggested to have preventive and healing effects.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] a small but growing body of empirical data support the popular belief that laughter benefits health.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] research into humour and laughter has indicated that these have psychological, social and physical effects which may have useful applications for patient care.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] this study provides evidence that laughter yoga is a safe, low-intensity form of intradialytic physical activity that can be successfully implemented for patients in dialysis settings.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] there are several beneficial efforts attributed to humor and laughter, including improved immune function, increased pain tolerance, and decreased stress response.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] modulation of neuroimmune parameters during and following the humor-associated eustress of laughter may provide beneficial health effects for wellness and a complementary adjunct to whole-person integrative medicine therapies.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] by enhancing cognitive flexibility and strengthening relationships, laughter can be considered a holistic care-approach.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] although laughter therapy is still poorly investigated, recent studies show that laughter may retard the onset of diabetic complications, enhance cardiovascular functions and rectify homeostatic abnormalities associated with t2dm.

Do laughter yoga or laughter therapy have positive health effects? [SEP] implications for placebo effects in laughter interventions are discussed. |||

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] as a consequence, the present study investigated the effects of prompting the use of height-adjustable working desk (hawd) on occupational sitting and standing time, neuromuscular outcomes and concentration in office workers.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] nevertheless, all studies reported that height-adjustable workstation interventions reduced occupational sitting time in office workers.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] height-adjustable desks are being used to decrease worksite based sitting time (st).

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] installation of height-adjustable workstations has been proposed as a feasible approach for reducing occupational sitting time in office workers.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] this study shows that introducing sit-stand workstations in the office can reduce desk-based workers' sitting time at work in the short term.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] height adjustable office desks now present the opportunity to replace sitting with standing in the workplace.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] sit-stand desks can reduce occupational sitting time, however, their cost can limit scalability.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] individuals with desk-based occupations tend to sit a great deal and sit-stand workstations have been identified as a potential strategy to reduce sitting time.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to evaluate the impact of a low-cost standing desk on objectively-measured occupational sitting and prolonged sitting bouts over 3- and 6-months.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] sit-stand desks reduce workplace sitting time among healthy office workers; however, their metabolic and behavioral impact in higher risk populations remains unknown.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] proponents of these desks suggest that health benefits may be acquired as standing desk use discourages long periods of sitting, which has been identified as an independent health risk factor.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] the findings suggest that introducing a sit-to-stand workstation can significantly reduce sedentary time and increase light activity levels during working hours.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] here, we investigate whether the installation of high desks in the workplace can induce positive changes in the amount of physical activity (pa) and thereby lead to subsequent improvements in anthropometric parameters.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] a semiautomated sit-stand table may effectively contribute to making postures more variable among office workers and thus aid in alleviating negative health effects of extensive sitting.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] hence, the objective of the current study was to examine the effects of using sit-stand workstations on office workers' sitting time at work and over the whole day.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] single-desk sit-to-stand workplaces exhibit small st reduction potential and short-term loss in performance.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] standing and treadmill desks show some utility for breaking up sitting time and potentially improving select components of health.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] sit-stand desks were effective in reducing workplace sedentary behavior in an at-risk population, with no change in sedentary behavior or physical activity outside of work hours.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] this study evaluates the effects of a novel two-desk sit-to-stand workplace on sitting time, physical parameters and work performance of healthy office based workers.

Can a height-adjustable desk reduce sitting time in the office? [SEP] although the introduction of sit-stand tables has been suggested as an effective intervention to decrease sitting time, limited evidence is available on usage patterns of sit-stand tables and whether patterns are influenced by table configuration. |||

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] the objective of this review is to evaluate the association between organic food consumption and the incidence of cancer among adults.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] an increased intake of fruits and vegetables has been shown to be associated with reduced risk of cancer.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] the most consistent result of epidemiological studies on diet and cancer is that a diet rich in vegetables, fruit and, more generally, in plant foods is associated with a reduced risk of cancer at several anatomical sites.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] the evidences from several epidemiological studies suggest that higher intakes of fruits and vegetables have been associated with lower risk of cancer.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] overall, a diet habitually high in fresh fruits and vegetables, modest in calories and alcohol, and low in red meat and animal fat is cancer protective.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] diets rich in fruits and vegetables are associated with lower risk of cancer which may be conferred in part by the antioxidant properties of these foods.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] increased intake of fruits and vegetables seems to be one of the simplest means of decreasing the risk for cancer.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] studies that compared organic food consumption to conventional food consumption, measured the incidence of cancer among adults, and captured disease incidence, such as prospective and retrospective cohort methodologies, will be included.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] many epidemiologic studies have associated the consumption of diets rich in fruit and green and yellow vegetables with a decreased risk of cancer.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] there is now considerable evidence that a high intake of fruit and vegetables can decrease the risk of developing cancer.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] although consumption of fruits, vegetables, spices, cereals and pulses has been associated with lower incidence of cancer and other chronic diseases, how these dietary agents and their active ingredients minimize these diseases, is not fully understood.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] consumption of fruit and vegetables is associated with a decreased risk of several cancers, particularly colorectal cancer, possibly linked to their phytochemical content, which is of interest due to several proposed health benefits, including potential anticancer activity.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] the role of diet in cancer is a major public health issue foods associated with a low risk of cancer are those typically included in the so-called mediterranean diet, which is also associated with low mortality rates from cardiovascular disease.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] epidemiological studies have revealed a strong correlation between high intake of fruit and vegetables and low incidence of certain cancers.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] recommendations for a healthy or prudent diet include a large number of daily servings of fruits and vegetables, and these 2 classes of food are widely believed to assist in cancer prevention.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] the association between organic food consumption and the incidence of cancer has not yet been synthesized.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] observational epidemiological studies suggest an association between higher dietary levels of fruits and vegetables containing beta carotene and a lower risk of lung cancer.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] dietary behavior seems to be an important modifiable determinant for the risk of cancer.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] high intake of fresh fruits and vegetables, lycopene and lycopene-containing food products, and potentially vitamin c and selenium may reduce the risk for gastric cancer.

Does a diet that includes as many organic foods as possible lower the risk of cancer? [SEP] although the inconsistencies in this field make it tempting to minimize its import, there is little question that diet has a major impact on colorectal cancer risk; diligent attention to the rigorous conduct of studies and their interpretation will likely clarify these relationships over the next decade, much to the benefit of public health. |||

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] treatment of diabetic subjects with cinnamon demonstrated an improvement in blood glucose concentrations and insulin sensitivity but the underlying mechanisms remained unclear.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] cinnamon consumption has been found to associate with the attenuation of diabetes mellitus.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] in conclusion, our study indicates that cinnamon supplementation is able to significantly improve blood glucose control in chinese patients with type 2 diabetes.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] previous studies of patients with type 2 diabetes showed that cinnamon lowers fasting serum glucose, triacylglycerol, and ldl- and total cholesterol concentrations.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] research has shown that adding cinnamon to diet can help to lower the glucose level.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] the cinnamon extract seems to have a moderate effect in reducing fasting plasma glucose concentrations in diabetic patients with poor glycaemic control.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] the aim of this study was to determine the effect of cinnamon on the glucose level in blood.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] we hypothesized cinnamon should be effective in improving blood glucose control in chinese patients with type 2 diabetes.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to determine whether cinnamon lowers hba1c in patients with type 2 diabetes.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] taking cinnamon could be useful for lowering serum hba1c in type 2 diabetics with hba1c >7.0 in addition to usual care.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] it has long been believed that an intake of cinnamon (cinnamomum zeylanicum) alleviates diabetic pathological conditions.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] the aim of this review was to examine the results of randomized controlled clinical trials of cinnamon and evaluate the therapeutic potential amongst patients with diabetes and insulin-resistant patients, particularly the ability to reduce blood glucose levels and inhibit protein glycation.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] this study systematically reviewed and synthesized evidence on the efficacy of cinnamon for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2dm) and pre-diabetes patients.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] according to previous studies, cinnamon may have a positive effect on the glycaemic control and the lipid profile in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] the decrease in plasma glucose correlated significantly with the baseline concentrations, indicating that subjects with a higher initial plasma glucose level may benefit more from cinnamon intake.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] cinnamon has been used as a dietary component and in the management of diabetes mellitus.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] cinnamon's effects on blood glucose have been the subject of many clinical and animal studies; however, the issue of cinnamon intake's effect on fasting blood glucose (fbg) in people with type 2 diabetes and/or prediabetes still remains unclear.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] whilst definitive conclusions cannot be drawn regarding the use of cinnamon as an antidiabetic therapy, it does possess antihyperglycaemic properties and potential to reduce postprandial blood glucose levels.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] results showed that using certain amount of cinnamon for 60 days did not change the glucose level of diabetic patients.

Does cinnamon lower blood sugar levels in diabetes? [SEP] in addition, fasting blood glucose levels and glucose tolerance were greatly improved in ob/ob mice due to cinnamon extracts, while insulin secretion was unaltered. |||

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] background: prolonged sitting as a major sedentary behavior potentially contributes to illness, but its relation with lung cancer risk is unclear.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] prolonged sitting can be presented in physically active or inactive individuals.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] the combination of prolonged sitting and physical inactivity might increase the risk of lung cancer.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] conclusions: our study suggested that prolonged sitting was not independently associated with lung cancer incidence.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] compared with participants sitting < 8 h daily and being physically active, those sitting ≥8 h daily (prolonged sitting) and being physically inactive had an increased incidence of lung cancer (overall: adjusted hr = 1.44, 95% ci: 1.07-1.94; small cell lung cancer: adjusted hr = 2.58, 95% ci: 1.23-5.41).

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] we therefore aimed to prospectively examine if total sitting time daily itself or in combination with physical activity is associated with lung cancer incidence overall and histologic types.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] ltl shortening has correlated with decreased longevity, dementia, and other age-associated processes.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] if telomere length is a valuable biomarker of ageing, then telomere shortening should be associated with worse physical performance, an ageing trait, but evidence for such an association is lacking.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] telomere shortening to a critical length can trigger aging and shorter life spans in mice and humans by a mechanism that involves induction of a persistent dna damage response at chromosome ends and loss of cellular viability.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] human leukocyte telomere length (ltl) decreases with age and shorter ltl has previously been associated with increased prospective mortality.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] we found that the telomere shortening rate, but not the initial telomere length alone, is a powerful predictor of species life span.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] telomeres are involved in cellular ageing and shorten with increasing age.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] telomere length is a marker of cell aging, since shorter telomeres and a higher rate of telomere shortening with time are associated with poorer health status and survival.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] low socio-economic status (ses) is associated with a shortened life expectancy, but its effect on aging is unknown.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] we explored a possibility of such a limitation of maximal life-span by the age-related alteration of elastin, consisting in ca-accumulation, lipid deposition and elastolytic degradation.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] total sitting time daily was not associated with the incidence of lung cancer overall and histologic subtypes.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] human leukocyte dna telomere length (ltl) has been shown to shorten during aging.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] some evidence points at an association between longer endogenous estrogen exposure (length of reproductive years of life) and greater telomere length and lower telomerase activity.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] whereas shortening of leukocyte telomeres might be an important measure of cellular ageing, there is little evidence that it is a strong biomarker for physical performance.

Does sitting for long periods shorten the lifespan? [SEP] telomere length shortens with aging, and short telomeres have been linked to a wide variety of pathologies. |||

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] screening for breast cancer with mammography in women aged 50 years or more has been shown to reduce mortality from breast cancer.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] mammographic screening has been shown to reduce breast cancer mortality in women over the age of 50 years, and to a lesser extent in younger women.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] there is little controversy that mammography reduces the risk of dying from breast cancer by about 23% among women between the ages of 50 and 69 years, although the harms associated with false-positive results and overdiagnosis limit the net benefit of mammography.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] mammography screening of women aged 50-70 years for breast cancer has proven to be effective in reducing breast cancer mortality.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] mammographic screening is one worthwhile way of reducing deaths from breast cancer among women diagnosed in ages 50-69.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] in randomized controlled trials, screening mammography has been shown to reduce mortality from breast cancer about 25% to 30% among women aged 50 to 69 years after only five to six years from the initiation of screening.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] screening for breast cancer using mammography alone, or mammography plus physical examination of the breasts, reduces mortality from breast cancer in women age 50-69.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] mammographic screening reduces mortality in breast cancer.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] while new data support a 16% reduction in breast cancer mortality for 40- to 49-year-old women after 10 years of screening, the net benefit is less compelling in part because of the lower incidence of breast cancer in this age group and because mammography is less sensitive and specific in women younger than 50 years.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] given that the incidence of breast cancer for women aged 40 to 49 years is lower and the potential benefit from mammography screening smaller and delayed, the absolute number of deaths prevented by screening women aged 40 to 49 years is much less than in screening women aged 50 to 69 years.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] in randomized trials, screening mammography has been shown to reduce breast cancer mortality.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] mammography screening is increasingly promoted as a means to avoid death from breast cancer.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] the benefits that have been realized from mammography screening in overall breast cancer mortality and diagnosis of earlier stage cancers are also reviewed.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] mammographic screening is effective in reducing mortality from breast cancer.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] the national breast screening study was designed to show whether screening with mammography and physical examination of the breasts reduces mortality from breast cancer in volunteers aged 40-49 and to determine the incremental effect of mammography over and above any effect of physical examination in women aged 50-59.in spite of the high incidence of breast cancer in these two age groups, both physicians and the public have shown reluctance to support the trial.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] women in their 70s may have a small benefit from screening mammography, but overdiagnosis increases in this age group as do competing causes of death.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] because the absolute benefit of screening women aged 40 to 49 years is small and there is concern that the harms are substantial, the focus should be to help these women make informed decisions about screening mammography by educating them of their true risk of breast cancer and the potential benefits and risks of screening.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] the reduction in breast cancer mortality is greater for women aged over 50 at screening than for women aged under 50.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] mammography, as the primary screening modality, has facilitated a substantial decrease in breast cancer-related mortality in the general population.

Does mammography screening reduce the risk of dying from breast cancer in certain age groups? [SEP] the issue of whether to screen women aged 40-49 for breast cancer is debated usually in terms of the potential mortality reduction achievable by the application of screening in this age group. |||

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] to evaluate the effect of prophylactic removal of asymptomatic impacted wisdom teeth in adolescents and adults compared with the retention of these wisdom teeth.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] to evaluate the effects of prophylactic removal of asymptomatic impacted wisdom teeth in adolescents and adults compared with the retention (conservative management) of these wisdom teeth.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] nevertheless, in most developed countries prophylactic removal of trouble-free wisdom teeth, either impacted or fully erupted, has long been considered as 'appropriate care' and is a very common procedure.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] nevertheless, in most developed countries the prophylactic removal of trouble-free wisdom teeth, either impacted or fully erupted, has long been considered as 'appropriate care'.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] wisdom teeth do not always fulfil a functional role in the mouth.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] dentists usually remove them if they are associated with any pathologic sign or symptom.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] it has been suggested that watchful monitoring of asymptomatic wisdom teeth may be an appropriate strategy.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] there is some reliable evidence that suggests that the prophylactic removal of asymptomatic impacted wisdom teeth in adolescents neither reduces nor prevents late incisor crowding.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] surgical removal of such teeth is indicated if evidence of any pathologies, such as cystic lesion, resorption, delayed eruption, altered eruption and displacement of adjacent teeth, is evident or have occurred.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] impacted wisdom teeth may be associated with pathological changes, such as inflammation of the gums around the tooth, root resorption, gum and alveolar bone disease, damage to the adjacent teeth and the development of cysts and tumours.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] impacted wisdom teeth have been associated with pathological changes, such as inflammation of the gums around the tooth, root resorption, gums- and alveolar bone disease, damage of the adjacent teeth, the development of cysts and tumours.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] the prophylactic removal of asymptomatic impacted wisdom teeth is defined as the (surgical) removal of wisdom teeth in the absence of local disease.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] the prophylactic removal of asymptomatic impacted wisdom teeth is defined as the (surgical) removal of wisdom teeth in the absence of local disease.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] insufficient evidence was found to support or refute routine prophylactic removal of asymptomatic impacted wisdom teeth in adults.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] teeth that fail to attain a functional position may be pathological and should be considered for removal.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] in the case of asymptomatic condition, as they impacted in the jaw, a careful examination is necessary because they may develop into pathological status such as dentigerous cysts.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] conventional wisdom advises that when a tooth needs to be extracted, the whole tooth should be removed, usually with as little surrounding bone as possible.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] third molars should be considered for removal when there is clinical, radiographic, or laboratory evidence of acute or chronic periodontitis, caries, pericoronitis, deleterious effects on second molars, or pathology.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] third molars should be removed only where there is a defined pathologic indication.

Should wisdom teeth that have not or not completely grown out of the jaw and gums be removed as a precaution? Even if the "impacted" teeth are not causing any symptoms at the moment and no pathological changes are to be expected immediately? [SEP] no evidence was found to support or refute routine prophylactic removal of asymptomatic impacted wisdom teeth in adults. |||

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] acupuncture plus diclofenac is more effective than placebo acupuncture plus diclofenac for the symptomatic treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] eswt improves womac and rom better then kin on the affected knee in patients with oa of the knee.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] the purpose of this study is to evaluate both the efficacy and safety of a finished chinese herbal preparation duhuo jisheng tang (djt) in reducing symptoms of degenerative osteoarthritis of the knee.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] in the treatment of degenerative osteoarthritis of the knee, a 4-week therapy with the chinese herbal preparation djt reduced pain and stiffness and improved physical functioning, but it was less effective in treating flaccidity and aversion to cold.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] little scientific evidence supports the efficacy of herbal medicines in the treatment of degenerative arthritis of the knee.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] the main aim of the study was to assess the efficacy and safety of "tlpl/ay/03/2008", a polyherbal formulation on knee joint pain assessed on visual analogue scale (vas) and western ontario and mcmaster universities osteoarthritis index (womac).

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] to analyse the efficacy of acupuncture as a complementary therapy to the pharmacological treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee, with respect to pain relief, reduction of stiffness, and increased physical function during treatment; modifications in the consumption of diclofenac during treatment; and changes in the patient's quality of life.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] several symptom-relieving interventions have been shown to be efficacious among osteoarthritis (oa) patients with knee effusion; however, not every symptomatic knee oa patient has clinical effusion.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] after the intervention the statistical significant between groups differences favoring the eswt were found in the womac with regard to pain (p< 0.000), stiffness (p= 0.018), physical function (p< 0.000), total score (p< 0.000), extension and flexion of the affected knee (p= 0.015, p< 0.000) respectively.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] intra-articular morphine was as effective as intra-articular triamcinolone for analgesia in patients with osteoarthritis knee.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] although viscosupplementation is an effective symptomatic treatment for knee osteoarthritis (oa), the effect of longer term administration on articular cartilage has not been fully explored.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] hyaluronic acid (ha) is an effective treatment for patients with knee osteoarthritis.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] among participants with symptomatic radiographic knee osteoarthritis, the intra-articular administration of 100 μg of sprifermin every 6 or 12 months vs placebo resulted in an improvement in total femorotibial joint cartilage thickness after 2 years that was statistically significant, but of uncertain clinical importance; there was no significant difference for 30 μg of sprifermin every 6 or 12 months vs placebo.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] the aim of this study was to compare the efficacy of intra-articular triamcinolone with intra-articular morphine in pain relief due to osteoarthritis of the knee in the elderly population.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] the study provides good evidence in support of the efficacy and safety of the 'tlpl/ay/03/2008' in oa of knee.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] we compared two ha preparations with high (hmw) or low molecular weight (lmw) in terms of pain control and function improvement using the western ontario and mcmaster universities osteoarthritis index (womac) and the visual analog scale (vas) score in patients with knee oa.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] different methods are used to alleviate the symptoms of patients with knee oa, including analgesics, physical therapy, exercise prescription, and intra-articular injections (glucocorticoids, hyaluronic acid [ha], etc).

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] various treatments are used to alleviate the symptoms of patients with knee osteoarthritis, including analgesics and intra-articular injections.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] intra-articular injections using hmw or lmw ha can improve stiffness, joint function and pain in patients suffering from knee oa.

Do turmeric preparations alleviate the symptoms of knee osteoarthritis ("joint wear") better than a placebo? [SEP] a total of 360 patients with knee osteoarthritis were randomized into four different treatment groups as follows: double-blind treatment with prp (2-14 ml); double-blind treatment with ha (0.1-0.3 mg); combination therapy of prp and ha; and placebo groups. |||

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] turmeric has been used for centuries in ayurvedic medicine as a treatment for inflammatory disorders including arthritis.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] background and objectives: turmeric has assisted in the control of inflammation and pain for decades and has been used in combination with other nutraceuticals to treat acute and chronic osteoarthritis pain.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] recently, the effect of turmeric, turmeric extract, or curcuminoids on musculoskeletal pain, either by themselves or in conjunction with other substances, has been reported.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] therefore, we undertook studies to determine the antiarthritic efficacy and mechanism of action of a well-characterized turmeric extract using an animal model of rheumatoid arthritis (ra).

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] these translational studies demonstrate in vivo efficacy and identify a mechanism of action for a well-characterized turmeric extract that supports further clinical evaluation of turmeric dietary supplements in the treatment of ra.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] therefore, the studies described here were undertaken to determine the in vivo efficacy of well-characterized curcuminoid-containing turmeric extracts in the prevention or treatment of arthritis using streptococcal cell wall (scw)-induced arthritis, a well-described animal model of rheumatoid arthritis (ra).

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] on the basis of this traditional usage, dietary supplements containing turmeric rhizome and turmeric extracts are also being used in the western world for arthritis treatment and prevention.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] a commercial sample containing 94% of the three major curcuminoids was more potent in preventing arthritis than the essential oil-depleted turmeric fraction when compared by total curcuminoid dose per body weight.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] an essential oil-depleted turmeric fraction containing 41% of the three major curcuminoids was efficacious in preventing joint inflammation when treatment was started before, but not after, the onset of joint inflammation.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] turmeric extract or active component curcumin may have anti-inflammatory effects in people with chronic inflammatory diseases.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] in conclusion, these data (1) document the in vivo antiarthritic efficacy of an essential oil-depleted turmeric fraction and (2) suggest that the three major curcuminoids are responsible for this antiarthritic effect, while the remaining compounds in the crude turmeric extract may inhibit this protective effect.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] collectively, these findings suggest that the combined treatment of curcumin and essential turmeric oils provides superior protection from dss-induced colitis than curcumin alone, highlighting the anti-inflammatory potential of turmeric.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] turmeric is commonly used as a dietary treatment for inflammation, but few studies have evaluated the direct effect of turmeric on cartilage.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] these data contribute to the growing body of evidence for the utility of turmeric as an intervention for cartilage inflammation.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] turmeric significantly attenuated food allergy symptoms (decreased rectal temperature and anaphylactic response) induced by ova, but curcumin showed weak improvement.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] although curcumin is the most studied active constituents of turmeric, accumulating evidence suggests that other components of turmeric have additional anti-inflammatory and anti-tumorigenic properties.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] a curcuminoid-containing turmeric extract similar in composition to these supplements was isolated and administered intraperitoneally to female lewis rats prior to or after the onset of streptococcal cell wall-induced arthritis.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] turmeric has been used as a medicinal herb for thousands of years for treatment of various disorders.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] scientific evidence is lacking for the antiarthritic efficacy of turmeric dietary supplements that are being promoted for arthritis treatment.

Do turmeric preparations relieve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis ("rheumatism") better than a placebo or painkiller??? [SEP] furthermore, turmeric was confirmed anti-allergic effect through promoting th1 responses on th2-dominant immune responses in immunized mice. |||

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] combined omega-3 fatty acid and vitamin d supplementation may improve multiple sclerosis (ms) by correcting metabolic abnormalities and attenuating oxidative stress and inflammation.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] these studies showed the beneficial roles of fish oil supplementation and omega-3 fatty acids in improving the quality of life of ms patients.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] this work aimed to review the literature systematically for evidence on the effect of omega-3 fatty acids (epa, dpa and dha) on ms progression in adults.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] diet especially fish oils and omega-3 has been found to play an important role in ms.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] conclusion: omega-3 and fish oils supplementations have beneficial effects on reducing the relapsing rate, inflammatory markers, and improving the quality of life for ms patients.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] recent trial studies have shown that omega-3 supplementation can beneficially improve scores on the expanded disability status scale (edss), which is considered a gold standard for measuring disability and disease severity in multiple sclerosis (ms) patients, as well as reducing neuroinflammation.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] ω-3 fatty acids are suggested to have anti-inflammatory properties that might be beneficial in ms. we aimed to explore the relationship between serum levels of inflammation markers and mri activity in patients with relapsing remitting ms, as well as the effect of ω-3 fatty acids on these markers.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] overall, taking ω-3 fatty acid and vitamin d supplements for 12 wk by patients with ms had beneficial effects on edss and metabolic status.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] this study aimed to determine the effects of ω-3 fatty acid and vitamin d cosupplementation on the disability score and metabolic status of patients with ms.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] serum levels of cxcl16, mmp-9, and osteoprotegerin reflect disease activity in ms, but are not affected by ω-3 fatty acid treatment.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] our results suggest that dietary supplementation containing a variety of nutrients can improve the quality of life, severity of disease symptoms, and functionality in ms patients.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] the present systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to evaluate the effect of omega-3 supplementation on edss and cytokines in ms. a systematic search was performed on pubmed, scopus and cochrane library up to october 2018.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] the aim of the present work was to evaluate the efficacy of fish oil supplementation on serum proinflammatory cytokine levels, oxidative stress markers, and disease progression in ms. 50 patients with relapsing-remitting ms were enrolled.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] for many years, medical interest in the relationship between nutrition and multiple sclerosis (ms) has focused largely on aetiology and the influence of dietary fat on the rate and severity of disease.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] to assess the effect of a low-fat diet with antioxidant supplementation on biochemical markers of institutionalized patients with progressive forms of multiple sclerosis.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] fish oil consumption has neuroprotective, antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects in patients with relapsing-recurrent ms (rr-ms).

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] according to the literature, broad-spectrum dietary supplementation including a variety of nutrients, polysaccharides, and compounds may improve the quality of life, functionality, and symptom severity in people with ms.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] fish oil supplementation is highly effective in reducing the levels of cytokines and nitric oxide catabolites in patients with relapsing-remitting ms.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] in the present study, we tested the hypothesis that omega 3 fatty acids supplement reduced pro-inflammatory functions in vitro and in vivo.

Does the intake of omega-3 fatty acids improve the clinical picture in multiple sclerosis (MS) or does this inhibit progression of the disease? [SEP] we performed a prospective cohort study in 85 relapsing remitting ms patients who participated in a randomized clinical trial of ω-3 fatty acids versus placebo (the ofams study). |||

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] studies have shown that vitamin a and its active derivatives are able to modulate the immune system in ms patients.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] this review provides an updated overview of the current state of evidence for the role that vitamins and dietary supplements play in multiple sclerosis and its animal models, with an emphasis on recent studies, and addresses biological plausibility and safety issues.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] the effect of nutrition and dietary supplements on the course of multiple sclerosis (ms) is a topic of great interest to both patients and clinicians.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] clinical and experimental data suggest that certain dietary regimens, particularly those including polyunsaturated fatty acids (pufas) and vitamins, might improve outcomes in people with multiple sclerosis (ms).

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] clinical and experimental data suggest that certain dietary regimens, particularly those including polyunsaturated fatty acids (pufas) and vitamins might improve outcomes in people with multiple sclerosis (ms).

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] in particular, vitamin d status has been shown to influence both the incidence and the course of ms. high vitamin d levels are probably protective against the development of ms, although the efficacy of vitamin d supplementation in slowing progression of ms remains to be established.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] here we show that dietary factors and lifestyle may exacerbate or ameliorate ms symptoms by modulating the inflammatory status of the disease both in relapsing-remitting ms and in primary-progressive ms.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] diets and dietary supplements are much used by people with ms in the belief that they might improve disease outcomes and overcome the effectiveness limits of conventional treatments.this is an update of the cochrane review "dietary intervention for multiple sclerosis" (first published on the cochrane library 2007, issue 1).

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] in vitro, in vivo and human studies, supports the protective role of some vitamins in ms occurrence or progression.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] observational studies suggest that adequate vitamin d nutrition may reduce the risk of ms and affect the course of the disease.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] an association between multiple sclerosis (ms) prevalence as well as ms mortality and vitamin d nutrition has led to the hypothesis that high levels of vitamin d could be beneficial for ms.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] current study reviews recent insights and reports about the importance of vitamins in ms incidence or progression.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] there is increasing evidence that vitamin d can be protective against the development of multiple sclerosis (ms), but it may also be beneficial for the clinical course of the disease.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] diets and dietary supplements are much used by people with ms in the belief that they might improve disease outcomes.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] the hypothesis that adequate vitamin d nutrition can contribute to the prevention of multiple sclerosis (ms) was originally proposed to explain the geographical distribution of ms, but only recently has the relation between various measures of vitamin d (eg, sun exposure, dietary sources, and serum concentrations of 25-hydroxyvitamin d) and risk of developing ms been rigorously investigated.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] our finding that higher vitamin d levels are associated with decreased exacerbation risk in relapsing-remitting ms suggests a beneficial effect of vitamin d on disease course in ms.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] therefore, dietary intervention may help to improve wellness and ameliorate symptoms of ms patients.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] surveys of patients with multiple sclerosis report that most are interested in modifying their diet and using supplements to potentially reduce the severity and symptoms of the disease.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] at the present time, the only vitamin with sufficient evidence to support routine supplementation for patients with multiple sclerosis is vitamin d. vitamin deficiencies should be avoided.

Does taking vitamin A or following certain diets improve or halt the progression of multiple sclerosis (MS)? [SEP] the results suggest that diet and dietary supplements are involved in cell metabolism modulation and ms-related inflammatory processes. |||

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] to determine if botulinum toxin type a (bont-a) injections can reduce the frequency and severity of migraines.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] recent studies suggest botulinum toxin type a is effective in preventing migraine.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] scalp injection of botulinum toxin type a (bt-a) into the superficial musculature has evoked interest in the management of migraine headache.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] botulinum toxins are promising preventive treatments for patients with moderate to severe episodic and chronic migraine and chronic daily headache.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] an open-label, noncontrolled study of botulinum toxin type a suggested benefits for patients with migraine.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] compared with vehicle treatment, subjects in the 25-u botulinum toxin type a treatment group showed significantly fewer migraine attacks per month, a reduced maximum severity of migraines, a reduced number of days using acute migraine medications, and reduced incidence of migraine-associated vomiting.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] pericranial injection of botulinum toxin type a, 25 u, was found to be a safe treatment that significantly reduced migraine frequency, migraine severity, acute medication usage, and associated vomiting.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] to assess the safety and efficacy of botulinum toxin type a (botox; allergan, inc) in the prevention of migraine.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] botulinum toxin type a (bont-a) has been reported as an effective treatment for chronic migraine.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to test whether the efficacy of prophylactic treatment with botulinum toxin a (btx-a) on migraine frequency is related to the individual perception of the pain and its directionality, namely, exploding, imploding, or ocular migraine headache.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] in clinical trials, prevention of migraine attacks for 3 months or more has been seen in some patients following bt-a scalp injections.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] botulinum toxin type a (bont/a) is an approved treatment for chronic migraine and has been shown to be effective in reducing number, days, and severity of headache in other headache disorders.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] migraine response to botulinum toxin type a treatment did not correlate with the denervation pattern.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] reported efficacy of extracranial botulinum toxin (bont) in treating migraine is surprising since a local extracranial effect of bont cannot account for its effect upon meningeal input.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] although botulinum toxin type a (bt-a) is approved for chronic migraine treatment, its site and mechanism of action are still elusive.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] efficacy of botulinum toxin type a (bont-a) in migraine has been investigated in clinical studies but the mechanism of action remains unexplored.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] during a 1-month baseline period and for 3 months following injection, subjects kept daily diaries in which they recorded migraine frequency, migraine severity, and the occurrence of migraine-associated symptoms.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] relaxation of the corrugator muscles is not solely responsible for the pain relief in migraine patients treated with botulinum toxin type a.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] relaxation of the corrugator muscle may be one of multiple targets of botulinum toxin type a in relieving migraine pain.

Can Botox injections prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] clinical and experimental studies with botulinum toxin in the last decade have advanced our understanding of headache and other pain states. |||

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] both dio and nw groups with probiotic supplementation maintained an insignificant weight gain while the control groups gained significant weight (p < 0.05).

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] because gut microbiota has recently attracted much attention as an environmental factor involved in the development of obesity, probiotics may be useful in preventing and/or improving obesity and its related disorders.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] very long-term treatment with a lactobacillus probiotic preparation suppressed weight loss in the elderly.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] there is interest whether probiotics have an effect on obesity, but the effectiveness and safety of only a few probiotics for the treatment of obesity have been reported.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] however, there are mixed results on whether probiotics could impact the gut microbiome and/or help to decrease liver fat and obesity outcomes.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] recently, it has been suggested that probiotics and in particular lactobacilli are contributing to human obesity.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] recently, probiotics have shown promise in treating metabolic disease due to improved strain selection and delivery technologies.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] several studies have reported limited or no reduction in serum cholesterol in response to probiotic formulations.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] deciphering the exact underlying mechanism of the weight loss and lowering nociception effect of the probiotic applied in this study require further investigation.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] recent reports suggest that probiotics may have a role in regulating the motility of the digestive tract.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] previous meta-analyses reported that probiotics improve the effectiveness of helicobacter pylori (h. pylori) eradication during antibiotic therapy, while results regarding a possible reduction of side effects remained inconclusive.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] in this study, two probiotic candidates were screened for their effects on metabolic health using the diet-induced obesity (dio) mouse model.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] furthermore, when looking at animal models of obesity, it even appears the lactobacilli may potentially contribute to a reduction in body weight.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] this study aimed to determine whether a probiotic supplement (vsl#3® ) intervention altered gut microbiota and/or gut hormones associated with appetite regulation.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] in liver health, the main benefits of probiotics might occur through preventing the production and/or uptake of lipopolysaccharides in the gut, and therefore reducing levels of low-grade inflammation.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] the results of this study suggest a protective effect of probiotics on nociception circuits, which propose a direct result of the weight reduction or an indirect result of anti-inflammatory properties of the probiotics.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] probiotic bacteria have well-established beneficial effects in the management of diarrhoeal diseases.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] however, evidence for the role of eps-producing probiotics in the management of obesity and associated conditions is scarce and the role of the microbiota is unclear.

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] although patients treated with probiotics had significantly less clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea than patients treated with placebo (18.6 vs. 5.8%; p = 0.02), the duration of diarrhea per episode was not different between groups (13.2 ± 7.4 vs. 9.8 ± 4.9 d; p = 0.39).

Does taking probiotics facilitate weight loss to any significant degree? [SEP] newer evidence suggests that probiotics have the potential to reduce the risk of developing inflammatory bowel diseases and intestinal bacterial overgrowth after gut surgery. |||

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] recently, evidence has emerged that the phases of the moon may modulate subjective sleep quality and polysomnographically assessed sleep structure in humans.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] separate analyses for men and women indicated that in women total sleep time, stage 4 sleep and rem sleep were reduced when sleep occurred close to full moon, whereas in men rem duration increased around full moon.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] previous literature suggests that human behaviour and physiology are somehow altered by the moon-cycle, with particular emphasis on poorer sleep quality and increased aggressive behaviour during full moon.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] there is ongoing debate on whether the full moon is associated with sleep and dreaming.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] we aimed to explore further the putative effects of circa-lunar periodicity (~29.5 days) on subjective and objective parameters of human sleep in a retrospective analysis.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] there is a long-held belief in the association between the full moon and extremes of human behaviour and adverse health consequences.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] the potential effect of a full moon on psychogenic nonepileptic events has not been as well studied, despite what anecdotal accounts from most epilepsy monitoring unit (emu) staff would suggest.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] to evaluate the impact of the lunar phase, and in particular, the full moon phase, on the incidence and outcomes among st-elevation myocardial infarction (stemi) cases undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (pci).

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] these data provide limited evidence for an effect of lunar phase on human sleep.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] the findings suggest that the full moon or new moon or the gravitational pull have no effect on football injuries.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] the interaction between lunar class and sex was significant for total sleep time, stage 4 sleep and rapid eye movement (rem) sleep.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] no significant main effect for the factor lunar class was observed for any of the objective sleep parameters and subjective sleep quality but some significant interactions were observed.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] studies of the effect of a full moon on seizures have yielded mixed results, despite a continuing prevailing belief regarding the association of lunar phase with human behavior.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] psychological factors might explain why some persons associate a full moon with increased dream recall.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] this paper reviews the effects of suboptimal timing of the sleep/wake cycle on sleep, alertness and well-being.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] we found a significant negative correlation between the mean number of seizures and the fraction of the moon illuminated by the sun (rho=-0.09, p<0.05) in 1571 seizures recorded in a dedicated epilepsy inpatient unit over 341 days.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] travel across time zones disrupts circadian rhythms causing increased daytime sleepiness, impaired alertness and sleep disturbance.

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] we investigated whether circadian misalignment was associated with adverse sleep outcomes before (preflight) and during spaceflight missions aboard the international space station (iss).

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] subgroup analysis confirmed no difference in outcomes during the full moon compared to a composite of other lunar phases.kaplan-meier survival estimates showed similar 30-day outcomes across lunar phases (p = 0.35) and when comparing full moon to a composite of other lunar phases (p = 0.45).

Does the full moon have a negative effect on sleep duration? [SEP] this reduction in the quality and duration of sleep has been attributed to a change in the phase relationship between the work period and the circadian system, timing the propensity for sleep and wakefulness. |||

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] outbreaks of acute gastroenteritis caused by noroviruses constitute a public health concern worldwide.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] appropriate preventative and infection control measures can mitigate the morbidity and mortality associated with norovirus infection.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] to investigate the oral detection of norovirus in patients with norovirus gastroenteritis.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] norovirus infection usually results in acute gastroenteritis, often with incapacitating nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] human noroviruses in the caliciviridae family are the major cause of nonbacterial epidemic gastroenteritis worldwide.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] food contamination by human norovirus (hnov) is a major cause of gastrointestinal disease.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] cac-717 stably inactivated human norovirus in stool suspensions.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] norovirus infection is a major cause of nonbacterial foodborne outbreaks worldwide, but no specific treatments are available yet.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] caliciviridae, including norovirus, are considered important sources of human gastroenteritis.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] we also demonstrate herein in vivo efficacy of an inhibitor using the murine model of norovirus infection.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] norovirus (nov), a major food-borne virus, causes non-bacterial acute gastroenteritis in humans.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] norovirus infection constitutes the primary cause of acute viral gastroenteritis.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] human norovirus (hunov) is the primary cause of viral gastroenteritis worldwide.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] noroviruses are the leading cause of epidemic gastroenteritis, including foodborne outbreaks, in the united states.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] in this study, we investigated the antiviral activity of mulberry (morus alba, ma) juice and its fractions on murine norovirus-1 (mnv-1) and feline calicivirus-f9 (fcv-f9) as human norovirus surrogates using cytopathic effect inhibition, plaque reduction, and rna expression assays.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] effective disinfection method is needed to stop the transmission of human norovirus.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] oral mouthwashes may provide an adjunct to faecal sampling to support the diagnosis of norovirus infection.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] our findings demonstrate that gte could be an effective natural compound against human norovirus gii.4, while only minimally effective against tulane virus.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] the aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of oxidizing disinfectants (sodium hypochlorite, chloride dioxide and peracetic acid) at inactivating noroviruses on fruits and vegetables, using a norovirus surrogate, namely murine norovirus 3, which replicates in cell culture.

Can lemon juice prevent or effectively treat gastrointestinal illness caused by norovirus? [SEP] human noroviruses (hunov), which are responsible for acute gastroenteritis, are becoming a serious public health concern worldwide. |||

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] eswt improves womac and rom better then kin on the affected knee in patients with oa of the knee.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] treatment of knee osteoarthritis with intra-articular hyaluronic acid injections or mud-pack therapy yielded similar results in the short-term in terms of functional improvement and pain relief.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] to compare the effects of vitamin d supplementation vs placebo on knee pain and knee cartilage volume in patients with symptomatic knee osteoarthritis and low vitamin d levels.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] examine effects of whole-body massage on knee osteoarthritis, compared to active control (light-touch) and usual care.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] this study was designed to evaluate the short-term effects of mud-pack therapy on pain relief and functional improvement in knee osteoarthritis in comparison with intra-articular hyaluronic acid injections.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] our position statement on treatment of knee oa with viscosupplementation injection (hyaluronic acid, ha) versus steroid (intra-articular corticosteroids, ias) and placebo (intra-articular placebo, iap) is based on the evaluation of treatment effect by examining the number of participants within a treatment arm who met the outcome measures in rheumatoid arthritis clinical trials-osteoarthritis research society international (omeract-oarsi) criteria, which is different and more relevant than methods used in other reviews which examined if the average change across the treatment groups were clinically different.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] among patients with symptomatic knee osteoarthritis and low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin d levels, vitamin d supplementation, compared with placebo, did not result in significant differences in change in mri-measured tibial cartilage volume or womac knee pain score over 2 years.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to determine if dn is more effective at reducing pain and disability than a sham treatment in individuals with pfps.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] massage may offer a safe and effective complement to the management of knee osteoarthritis.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] prolotherapy injection with 10% dextrose resulted in clinically and statistically significant improvements in knee osteoarthritis.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] this systematic review and meta-analysis evaluates the efficacy of arthroscopic meniscal débridement in patients with knee pain in the setting of mild or no concurrent osteoarthritis of the knee in comparison with nonoperative or sham treatments.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] intra-articular injection of exogenous hyaluronan (viscosupplementation) is an effective treatment for knee pain due to osteoarthritis, but the amount of dilution of the viscosupplement by the synovial fluid, which could affect efficacy, has not been previously considered.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] in this phase i, double-blind, multicenter study, patients scheduled for arthroplasty for end-stage knee osteoarthritis were randomly assigned 2:1 to 4 g diclofenac diethylamine 2.32% w/w gel (92.8 mg diclofenac diethylamine, equivalent to 74.4 mg diclofenac, per application) or placebo gel, applied to the affected knee by a trained nurse/designee every 12 h for 7 days before surgery.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] pain and function of the knee improved significantly (p<0.001) in all patients.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] the aim of this study was to demonstrate the beneficial effect of intra-articular injection of tenoxicam on knee effusion after arthroscopy.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] the aim of this study was to determine the therapeutic efficacy of dextrose prolotherapy on pain, range of motion, and function in patients with knee osteoarthritis (oa).

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] multisite rct assessing the efficacy of massage compared to light-touch and usual care in adults with knee osteoarthritis, with assessments at baseline and weeks 8, 16, 24, 36, and 52.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] fifty-two adults with painful primary knee osteoarthritis for at least three months were randomized to intra- and peri-articular injection groups.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] prolotherapy with three intra-articular injections of hypertonic dextrose given 4 weeks apart for selected patients with knee oa, resulted in significant improvement of validated pain, rom, and womac-based function scores, when baseline levels were compared at 24 weeks.

For knee osteoarthritis, does rubbing DMSO into the knee bring less pain and more mobility than rubbing a placebo? [SEP] dextrose prolotherapy either intra- or peri-articular injection resulted in significant improvement, so it could be an inexpensive and effective management of knee osteoarthritis. |||

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] this study assessed the efficacy and safety of topical diclofenac sodium 1% gel (dsg) in mild to moderate symptomatic knee osteoarthritis.

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] the patients were randomly assigned to apply 1 of 3 solutions to their painful knee for 4 weeks: a topical diclofenac solution (1.5% wt/wt diclofenac sodium in a carrier containing dimethyl sulfoxide [dmso]); a vehicle-control solution (the carrier containing dmso but no diclofenac); and a placebo solution (a modified carrier with a token amount of dmso for blinding purposes but no diclofenac).

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] topical diclofenac, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, has proven efficacy and safety in the management of osteoarthritis pain.

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] the objective of this trial was to assess the safety and efficacy of a topical diclofenac solution in relieving the symptoms of primary osteoarthritis of the knee.

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] this topical diclofenac solution can provide safe, site-specific treatment for osteoarthritic pain, with only minor local skin irritation and minimal systemic side effects.

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] topical diclofenac+heparin is significantly more effective than diclofenac alone in reducing muscle hyperalgesia in subjects without spontaneous pain, independently of the anti-edematous action of heparin.

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] the relative efficacy of diclofenac compared to other pain relief medications used in oa (e.g., alternative nsaids, cyclooxygenase type 2 [cox-2] inhibitors) is uncertain.

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] the efficacy of diclofenac is largely unchallenged in that it remains as effective as newer pain relief medications employed in oa.

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] diclofenac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (nsaid) commonly prescribed for pain relief in osteoarthritis (oa).

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] the objective of this systematic review is to compare the current evidence on efficacy of diclofenac versus other pain relief medications.

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] over a 3-month treatment period, topical treatment with dsg achieved statistically and clinically significant improvements of pain and measures of physical function in patients with knee osteoarthritis.

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] pain, hip rom, and physical function improved after the application of dn in active mtrps of the hip muscles in patients with hip oa.

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] we investigated penetration of topical diclofenac into knee synovial tissue and fluid (primary objective) and evaluated relative exposure in the knee versus plasma (secondary objective).

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] in the intent-to-treat group the mean change (and 95% confidence interval [ci]) in pain score from baseline to final assessment was significantly greater for the patients who applied the topical diclofenac solution (-3.9 [- 4.8 to -2.9]) than for those who applied the vehicle-control solution (-2.5 [- 3.3 to -1.7]; p = 0.023) or the placebo solution (-2.5 [-3.3 to -1.7]; p = 0.016).

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] electrical muscle pain thresholds increased significantly more in diclofenac+heparin than in diclofenac, heparin, and placebo (0.0001 < p < 0.04).

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] for the secondary variables the topical diclofenac solution also revealed superiority to the vehicle-control and placebo solutions, leading to mean changes (and 95% cis) of -11.6 (-14.7 to -8.4; p = 0.002 and 0.014, respectively) in physical function, -1.5 (-1.9 to -1.1; p = 0.015 and 0.002, respectively) in stiffness and -0.8 (-1.1 to -0.6; p = 0.003 and 0.015, respectively) in pain on walking.

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] to determine the short-term effects of dn on pain, hip rom and physical function in patients with hip oa.

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] in this phase i, double-blind, multicenter study, patients scheduled for arthroplasty for end-stage knee osteoarthritis were randomly assigned 2:1 to 4 g diclofenac diethylamine 2.32% w/w gel (92.8 mg diclofenac diethylamine, equivalent to 74.4 mg diclofenac, per application) or placebo gel, applied to the affected knee by a trained nurse/designee every 12 h for 7 days before surgery.

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] the use of an intra-articular methylprednisolone acetate (mpa) injection has been shown to have benefits for symptoms of knee osteoarthritis (oa).

In case of osteoarthritis of the knee, does rubbing DMSO bring less pain and more mobility than the recognized painkiller diclofenac??? [SEP] the pga scores were significantly better for the patients who applied the topical diclofenac solution than for those who applied the other 2 solutions (p = 0.039 and 0.025, respectively). |||

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] vitamin d could have important immunomodulatory effects in psoriasis.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] in addition, oral vitamin d improves psoriatic arthropathy.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] vitamin d analogues have been found to be effective in treating the skin lesions of psoriasis.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] several reports have appeared in the literature suggesting that vitamin d metabolites and analogues may be useful for the treatment of psoriasis.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] vitamin d as a topical treatment has become one of the mainstays for treatment of psoriasis vulgaris.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] phototherapy and activated froms of vitamin d help clear psoriasis.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] vitamin d also has an effect on t helper cells, which have a major role in the pathogenesis of psoriasis.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] there are several factors that can affect psoriasis and vitamin d is one of the recently arisen.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] but a review of the literature on oral vitamin d as a treatment for psoriasis reveals that this treatment is efficacious.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] hence, the aim of the present study was to systematically review and meta-analyze the efficacy of oral vitamin d supplementation in improving disease severity of patients with psoriasis.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] psoriatic patients as a population are at increased risk of developing adverse health complications such as cardiovascular disease, and oral vitamin d may prove to be of benefit in this population.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] topical vitamin d analogues offer a new, effective, more convenient and generally well-tolerated option for the treatment of psoriasis.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] vitamin d, calcitriol, and its analogues are successfully used for psoriasis therapy.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] serum level of vitamin d did not correlate with the severity of psoriasis in our study.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin d3 [1,25-(oh)2d3], a hormonally active form of vitamin d3, has been reported to stimulate epidermal differentiation and to be an effective treatment of psoriatic lesions.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] vitamin d deficiency may be common in patients with psoriasis, especially in winter.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease of unknown aetiology, and an active form of vitamin d(3) (1α,25-dihydroxyvitamin d(3)) and its analogues (vd3as) are widely used topical reagents for psoriasis treatment.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] in the logistic regression analysis, vitamin d deficiency was associated with psoriasis independently of age, sex, body mass index, calcium, pth levels and season of blood sampling.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] psoriasis is a chronic, systemic disease with the beneficial effect of topical vitamin d3 analogs, known for a long time.

Does taking vitamin D improve symptoms in the most common form of psoriasis? [SEP] a favorable effect of oral vitamin d supplementation in patients with psoriasis could not be verified. |||

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] psoriasis may improve during dietary supplementation with fish oil containing n-3 fatty acids including eicosapentaenoic acid.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] the apparent safety and general health-promoting features of fish oil could provide an ideal adjunctive therapy for psoriasis.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] an open study testing the effects of fish oil supplementation on psoriasis in 26 patients is described.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] since eicosanoids have been implicated in the pathogenesis of psoriasis, less potent eicosanoid mediators derived from fish oil might improve psoriasis.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] fish oil supplement did not significantly reduce the severity of psoriasis when assessed by psoriasis area and severity index score (mean difference - 0.28; 95% confidence interval - 1.74 to 1.19).

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] fish oil supplement has been advocated for treating psoriasis which is a chronic inflammatory dermatosis.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] fish oil and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (ω-3 pufas) have anti-inflammatory properties, but their effect on psoriasis and its comorbidities remains inconclusive.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] overall, when combined with conventional treatments, fish oil and its components may have beneficial effects on psoriasis and its comorbidities, including obesity, cardiovascular disease, and metabolic disease.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] we aimed to investigate the effects of fish oil supplement on psoriasis.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] clinical studies have indicated that dietary fish oil may have therapeutic value in the treatment of psoriasis, a hyperproliferative, inflammatory skin disorder characterized by elevated ltb4.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] at the conclusion of phototherapy, and 4 weeks later, patients in the fish oil group had a greater decrease in the total body surface area of psoriasis and more improvement compared to patients in the olive oil group.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] fish oil and its components reduced certain risk factors for obesity, cardiovascular disease, and metabolic disease in patients with psoriasis and also regulated several inflammatory mediators.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] the aim of this quantitative systematic review was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of fish oil and its components in the treatment of psoriasis and its comorbidities.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] using a double-blind, randomized, parallel design, 18 patients with stable, plaque psoriasis received capsules of either fish oil or identical-appearing placebo olive oil for 15 weeks, with concomitant sub-erythemal uvb in weeks 3 to 11.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] these results may indicate that a combination of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids is useful for the treatment of psoriasis.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] the results of our study are contrasted with those of a recent study that did show beneficial effects of fish oil supplementation on plaque-type psoriasis.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] monotherapy with fish oil or ω-3 pufas had no effect on the psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) score (p = 0.47), lesion area (p = 0.34), or pruritus (p = 0.62).

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] none of the patients with plaque-type psoriasis vulgaris showed clinically significant improvement; however, a patient with generalized pustular psoriasis showed marked improvement with the fish oil supplementation.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] dietary supplementation with fish oils high in the omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, may have an antiinflammatory effect.

Does taking fish oil with omega-3 fatty acids improve the symptoms of various forms of psoriasis more than a placebo??? [SEP] in the present study 17 psoriatic patients were treated with super gamma-oil marine containing a combination of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids (linoleic acid and gammalinolenic acid). |||

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] mediterranean diet is associated with a reduced risk for cardiovascular disease (cvd).

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] a mediterranean dietary pattern has been associated with lower cardiovascular (cv) mortality.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] there is evidence from epidemiologic studies and clinical trials demonstrating that the mediterranean dietary pattern reduces the risk of many chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease (cvd), and the attendant risk factors.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] a mediterranean diet has been associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] the mediterranean diet and more specifically certain meats, fruits, vegetables, and olive oil found in certain parts of the mediterranean region have been associated with a decreased cardiovascular and diabetes risk.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] greater adherence to the mediterranean diet was associated with reduced fatal and non fatal cv events, especially in individuals at low cv risk, thus suggesting the usefulness of promoting this nutritional pattern in particular in healthier individuals.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] a mediterranean dietary pattern has been associated with a reduced risk of coronary heart disease, as well as a reduction of oxidative stress, but studies indicating possible interactions between food intake and inflammatory mediators production at specific sites are lacking.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] adherence to the mediterranean diet reduces the risk of all-cause and cardiovascular (cv) mortality and the incidence of cv events.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] better adherence to a mediterranean diet was associated with lower risk of mi, hf and ischemic stroke.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] there is an association between a greater adherence to a mediterranean diet and a reduced risk of developing chronic diseases.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] several epidemiological and clinical studies have evaluated the effects of a mediterranean diet (med-diet) on total cardiovascular mortality, and all concluded that adherence to the traditional med-diet is associated with reduced cardiovascular risk.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] adherence to the mediterranean diet (med-diet) is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease (cvd).

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] this finding could provide a novel mechanistic explanation for the recognized lower coronary risk associated with a mediterranean diet.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] several epidemiological studies have observed that following a traditional mediterranean diet reduces overall and cardiovascular mortality, as well as the incidence of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, cancer and neurodegenerative diseases.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] the aim was to examine a mediterranean diet in relation to incidence of myocardial infarction (mi), hf and stroke types in a swedish prospective cohort.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] the traditional mediterranean diet (md) is reportedly associated with lower risk of major chronic diseases and long considered to contribute to the reduced rates of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events and to the highest life expectancy in adults who lived near the mediterranean sea.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] these results confirm that decreased lpo is a plausible mechanism linking a mediterranean diet to reduced cardiovascular disease risk.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] mediterranean diet gradually induced a significant reduction in total cholesterol (tc), ldl-c, triglycerides, high sensitivity c-reactive protein (hscrp), blood pressure and ecvd risk (24-32%).

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] analyses of intermediate markers demonstrated beneficial effects of the mediterranean diet on blood pressure, lipid profile, lipoprotein particles, oxidative stress and inflammation markers and carotid atherosclerosis.

Does following a Mediterranean diet decrease the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in people at high risk? [SEP] adherence to the mediterranean diet protects against diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. |||

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] enhanced survival following acute myocardial infarction and the declining prevalence of hypertension and valvular heart disease as contributors to incident heart failure (hf) have fueled the emergence of coronary artery disease (cad) as the primary risk factor for hf development.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] this study was performed during an era of declining cardiovascular death rates and a declining incidence of myocardial infarction, and suggests that this decline may relate to favorable changes in pathogenesis rather than to a decrease in extent of coronary atherosclerosis.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] cardiovascular disease is a common cause of death in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) and is a key target for improving outcomes.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] only a minority of sudden deaths occur in people with established cardiac disease, but in patients with major structural heart disease, the annual rate is high.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] although the incidence of heart failure after myocardial infarction has fallen over the last few decades, it remains common, complicating up to 45% of infarcts.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of mortality in elderly patients.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] this might in part be due to the fact that over half of patients have a catastrophic event (heart attack or sudden death) as their initial manifestation of coronary disease.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] this reduction in severity may have contributed, along with other factors, to the decline in death rates for coronary heart disease.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] while coronary heart disease (chd) morbidity and mortality have decreased over the last 25 years, the percentage reduction in elderly patients is nearly 50% lower than that for the general adult population.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] in most patients with heart failure the underlying cause is coronary artery disease (cad).

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] there is a clear relation between the occurrence of cardiovascular events and the presence of so-called vulnerable plaques.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] however, there are concerns that patients with copd may not have enjoyed the same mortality reductions from acute myocardial infarction (ami) in recent decades as the general population.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] decreased heart rate variability (hrv) may predict cardiac death after myocardial infarction (mi).

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] many apparent healthy persons die from cardiovascular disease, despite major advances in prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] the high mortality rate from coronary heart disease in hypertensives can only be substantially reduced if sudden coronary death rates can be decreased.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] advances in the management of acute myocardial infarction have led to reduced in-hospital mortality (even when complicated by heart failure), but longer-term mortality remains high in these patients.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] those at greatest risk of developing heart failure are the elderly, females, and those with prior myocardial infarction.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] among patients with acute myocardial infarction, cardiogenic shock, and multivessel coronary artery disease, the risk of a composite of death from any cause or severe renal failure leading to renal-replacement therapy at 30 days was found to be lower with percutaneous coronary intervention (pci) of the culprit lesion only than with immediate multivessel pci.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] death rates for coronary heart disease have been declining in the united states, but the reasons for this decline are not clear.

Does the probability of dying from cardiovascular disease decrease in people who have already had a heart attack? [SEP] although much progress has been made in reducing mortality from ischemic cardiovascular disease, this condition remains the leading cause of death throughout the world. |||

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] this review contends that "healthy" water in terms of electrolyte balance is as important as "pure" water in promoting public health.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] the benefits of improved water and sanitation include both health and non-health effects.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] the direct health benefits are related to two contrasting roles of water: that of disease vector when it carries pathogens; and that of health mediator through its use in personal and domestic hygiene.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] quality of drinking water is a powerful environmental determinant of health.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] drinking water is an important nutrient for human health.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] does the public perception of water quality equate with the actual water quality?

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] while both waters are considered safe to drink, is either more beneficial in preventing tooth decay and is there a difference in purity?

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] safe water supply is vital and can result in significant benefits to health.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] we aimed to assess whether delivery of riverbank filtration-treated water to newly installed water storage tanks (improved quality and access, intervention condition) reduced reported diarrhea in comparison to delivery of unfiltered river water (improved access alone, control condition) in rural indian villages.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] the mineral ingredients included in drinking water may affect the physical condition of people.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] older, higher educated and high-income group respondents were more satisfied with water quality than the younger, less educated and low-income group respondents.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] however, contaminated bottled water poses a great health risk due to the poor microbiological quality of water.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] the epidermal hyperplasia and allergic inflammation were reduced in atopic mice supplied with jeju groundwater when compared to those supplied with tap water or other kinds of natural groundwater.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] we investigated public perceptions of water quality and the perceived health risks and associated with the actual quality of public water supplies in the same communities.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] it discusses how ingestion of demineralized water can have a procarcinogenic effect through mediating some of the critical pathways and processes in the cancer microenvironment such as angiogenesis, genomic instability, resistance to programmed cell death, sustained proliferative signaling, cell immortalization and tumorigenic inflammation.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] the main objective of introduction of bottled water in the society was its better safety, taste and convenience over tap water.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] in view of the rising production and consumption of demineralized water in most parts of the world, there is a strong need for further research on the biological importance and protean roles of electrolyte abnormalities in promoting, antagonizing or otherwise enabling the development of cancer.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] this study aimed to reveal the differences between natural water and reclaimed water and to discuss the rationality of reclaimed water replenishment from the perspective of microorganisms.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] point-of-use (pou) water treatment decreased the risk six-fold and decreased risk overestimation.

Does Grander water have health benefits compared to untreated drinking water? [SEP] various kinds of natural water are in circulation as bottled water in developed countries; however, its influence on clinical conditions of patients with certain diseases has not been fully evaluated. |||

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] this review focuses on recent advances in astaxanthin research relevant to cardiovascular health and disease, i.e.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] astaxanthin (asta) is a carotenoid which has powerful antioxidant, anti-tumor, anti-diabetic, anti-inflammatory and cardioprotective properties.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] astaxanthin is an important antioxidant with many biological activities such as anti-tumor, anti-obesity, cardioprotective, and immuno-modulatory activities.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] astaxanthin is a powerful antioxidant with various health benefits such as prevention of age-related macular degeneration and improvement of the immune system, liver and heart function.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] astaxanthin is beneficial for human health and is used as a dietary supplement.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] the red diketocarotenoid, astaxanthin, exhibits extraordinary health-promoting activities such as antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, antitumor, and immune booster, which may potentially protect against many degenerative diseases such as cancers, heart diseases, and exercise-induced fatigue.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] astaxanthin is a natural active substance with a plurality of biological activities, such as antioxidation, anti-inflammatory and anti-cardio-cerebrovascular diseases.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] the recent discovery of the beneficial roles of astaxanthin against many degenerative diseases such as cancers, heart diseases, and exercise-induced fatigue has raised its market demand as a nutraceutical and medicinal ingredient in aquaculture, food, and pharmaceutical industries.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] astaxanthin, a xanthophyll carotenoid, holds exceptional promise as an antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anticancer agent.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] astaxanthin exhibits various pharmacological activities, including anti-oxidative, anti-tumor, and anti-inflammatory effects, and is thought to exert a neuroprotective effect via these mechanisms.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] astaxanthin is a red ketocarotenoid that exhibits extraordinary health-promoting activities such as antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, antitumor, and immune booster.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] astaxanthin is a type of carotenoid known to have strong antioxidant effects.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] based on its unique chemical features, the xanthophyll carotenoid astaxanthin is being proposed as a suitable preventive and therapeutic agent in cardiovascular disease.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] astaxanthin with different structural forms affect corresponding biological activity.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] thus, 100 nm astaxanthin showed a statistically significant reduction in apoptosis and dna damage in rgcs (wilcoxon rank-sum test, p<0.05).

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] astaxanthin is a carotenoid pigment that possesses potent antioxidative, anti-inflammatory, antitumor, and immunomodulatory activities.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] due to its strong antioxidant property, anti-inflammatory, anti-apoptotic, and immune modulation, astaxanthin has gained growing interest as a multi-target pharmacological agent against various diseases.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] astaxanthin (atx), a natural xanthophyll carotenoid, has shown to exert significant protective effects against various diseases via its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] astaxanthin is an oxygen-containing derivative of carotenoids that effectively suppresses reactive oxygen and has nutritional and medicinal value.

Does astaxanthin protect against cardiovascular disease, cancer or prolong life? [SEP] astaxanthin has a potent antioxidative ability and has been reported as having various biological effects on the central nerve system, such as a protective effect against ischemia/reperfusion injury and improvement in cognitive function. |||

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] this article reviews current knowledge on the phytochemistry, pharmacology, safety aspects of noni fruit and noni-derived products, and health-related claims and benefits.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] morinda citrifolia (noni) fruit juice is an increasingly popular health food with many reported benefits, such as antioxidant and immunomodulatory properties.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] noni fruit (morinda citrifolia l., rubiaceae) has been used in traditional medicine throughout the tropics and subtropics and is now attracting interest in western medicine.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] also, clinical studies have revealed that noni juice consumption improves quality of life scores related to physical functioning and energy levels.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] many different products containing noni (morinda citrifolia) fruit extracts are sold throughout the world for health restoration and maintenance.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] these results confirm the reported use of noni juice to combat fatigue, improve endurance and increase overall physical performance.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] we hypothesize that the fungal endophytes of noni may possibly play a role in its overall pharmacological repertoire, especially since the perceived efficacy of the fruit in ethnomedicinal use is associated with the fermented juice.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] a large number of beneficial effects have been claimed for noni.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] the knowledge on the chemical composition of noni fruit has considerably increased over recent years.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] the present investigation was designed to evaluate the antipsychotic effect of noni fruits (morinda citrifolia linn.)

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] noni has been used in traditional medicine and as food for thousands of years.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] traditionally, noni fruit was used by polynesians to combat fatigue.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] subsequently, capsules containing the whole freeze-dried fruit of noni were orally administered to nine healthy volunteers (3 per group) at doses of 1,500 mg (3 × 500 mg), 2,000 mg (4 × 500 mg) and 2,500 mg (5 × 500 mg).

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] more recently, an array of commercial noni fruit juice products are gaining popularity as dietary supplements, with claims of anticancer and immunostimulant activities.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] fermented noni juice is of particular interest for its promising antitumor activity.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] noni (morinda citrifolia) is a popular medicinal plant found in tropical or subtropical regions of the world.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] in our studies on noni juice produced from fruit collected from the kohala and puna districts of the island of hawaii from 2008 to 2010, mucor circinelloides f. sp.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] products derived from noni fruit (morinda citrifolia) have been commercialised in the usa since the 1990s and are increasingly distributed all over the world.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] based on a toxicological assessment, noni juice was considered as safe.

Do products from the noni fruit promote health? [SEP] noni fruit is widely consumed in tropical regions of indonesia to the hawaiian islands. |||

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] the specific microclimate of alpine waterfalls with high levels of ionized water aerosols has been suggested to trigger beneficial immunological and psychological effects.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of water-based exercise for adults with asthma.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] water-based exercise is believed to offer benefits for people with asthma through pollen-free air, humidity and effects of exercise on physical function.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] our study provides new data, which strongly support an "added value" of exposure to waterfall microclimate when combined with a therapeutic sojourn at high altitude including regular physical activity.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] in line with these results, exposure to waterfall revealed an additional benefit concerning psychological parameters such as subjective stress perception (measured via visual analog scale), the global severity index (gsi), and the positive symptom total (pst).

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] randomised controlled trials are needed to assess the efficacy and safety of water-based exercise for adults with asthma.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] analysis of the mucosal immune response revealed a waterfall-specific beneficial effect with elevated iga titers in the waterfall group.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] asthmatic subjects had good perception of improvements in lung function.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] increased cardiac function by bathing is suggested to contribute to the effect.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] this study provides strong evidence that prolonged use of inhaled steroids is associated with improvement in airway responsiveness and clinical asthma severity in inhaled steroid-dependent asthma with a suggestion that the improvements are dose related.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] these results suggest that the breathing exercise by immersion is useful not only in treating emphysema but also in improving cardiac function.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] it has been reported that breathing exercise by immersion in combination with expiring into water improved pulmonary function and blood-gas exchange in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd).

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] since most asthmatic patients are healthy except for an intermittent respiratory problem, providing them the opportunity to exercise in all weather conditions affords a clear improvement in their quality of life.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] there was a significant improvement in airway responsiveness and clinical asthma severity in both treatment groups.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] this study examined whether similar improvements occur when asthmatics, who are dependent upon inhaled steroids, take either a regular maintenance dose of inhaled steroid or twice that amount for a year.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] we included all randomised controlled trials (rcts) of adults with asthma comparing a water-based exercise group versus one or more of the following groups: usual care, land-based exercise, non-exercise.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] water-based physical training promoted beneficial adaptations in the autonomic modulation of hr, qol, and fc of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] therefore, we remain very uncertain about the effects of water-based exercise for adults with asthma.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] this study investigated the effects of a water-based aerobic interval training program on the autonomic modulation of heart rate (hr), quality of life (qol), and functional capacity (fc) of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.

Can spending time at waterfalls on a regular basis provide lasting improvement in asthma symptoms? [SEP] in the asthmatic subjects, good perceivers (> 25% improvement in vas) had greater improvements in lung volumes, as percentage predicted, than did poor perceivers. |||

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] goji (lycium barbarum l.) has recognized nutritive and antioxidant properties and many products are commercialized for health in food market.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] besides its food use, goji has been the subject of more than 2000 years of traditional chinese medicine, using berries, root bark, and leaves.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] ethnopharmcological relevance: ginseng, a folk medicine which has been used for thousands of years in asia, has been promoted for the treatment or prevention of health problems including cardiovascular disease.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] ginseng, a traditional chinese medicine, was used to prevent and treat many diseases such as diabetes, inflammation, and cancer.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] ginseng, a traditional medical herb, has been reported having beneficial effects in fatigue, heart diseases, diabetes, immune function and erectile dysfunction.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] ), a traditional folk medicine and functional food in china and south korea, is known for its beneficial properties, which include anti-cancer, anti-oxidative, and anti-obesity effects.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] the results of cell experiments indicate that ginseng could treat lung adenocarcinoma by cell proliferation, migration, and apoptosis.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] the low incidence of reported heart attacks and cardiovascular-related deaths in greenland eskimos and the japanese has generated interest in the possible protective effect of their diet, which is made up primarily of fish and related marine foods.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] angelica shikokiana has been used as a health food for its anticancer, anti-inflammatory, antibacterial, antiallergic, and blood vessel dilating effects in japan.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] this paper reviews the current evidence for reducing the risk of cardiovascular disease with fish-oil supplementation, and discusses related clinical data to support the mechanisms proposed.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] however, the molecular mechanism of ginseng-induced cardiovascular protection is unclear.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] this study has reference value for the clinical application of ginseng in the treatment of lung adenocarcinoma.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] epidemiological evidence from greenland eskimos and japanese fishing villages suggests that eating fish oil and marine animals can prevent coronary heart disease.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] thus, we investigated signaling mechanism by which american ginseng inhibits vascular smooth muscle cell (vsmc) proliferation, a key feature of diverse vascular disease.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] gossypin is a flavone that was originally isolated from hibiscus                         vitifolius and has traditionally been used for the treatment of diabetes, jaundice, and inflammation.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] dietary studies from various laboratories have similarly indicated that regular fish oil intake affects several humoral and cellular factors involved in atherogenesis and may prevent atherosclerosis, arrhythmia, thrombosis, cardiac hypertrophy and sudden cardiac death.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] oren-gedoku-to (huanglian-jie-du-tang, ogt) has been used for the treatment of cerebrovascular disease, hypertension, gastritis and liver disease in japan.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] these findings indicate that gossypin is a potential treatment of gliomas because of gossypin's potential to regulate the proliferation of u251 cells via the cell-cycle regulatory proteins chk1 and cdc25c.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] it can also be used to prevent and treat hepatitis, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and arteriosclerosis.

Does goji help with serious diseases like cancer or prevent heart attacks? [SEP] american ginseng slightly increased both basal and fbs-, pdgf- or ang ii-induced activities of akt and erk in rasmcs; however, it dramatically inhibited the activation of jak2 and stat3. |||

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] the effect on total serum cholesterol and its lipoprotein fractions of supplementation of the diet with amla (emblica officinalis, gaertn., the indian gooseberry) was studied in normal and hypercholesterolaemic men aged 35-55 years.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] the amla extract has shown significant potential in reducing tc and tg levels as well as lipid ratios, aip and apob/apo a-i in dyslipidemic persons and thus has scope to treat general as well as diabetic dyslipidemia.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] the plasma in vitro study also showed that amla improved the plasma mda, protein carbonylation, total protein, and albumin levels.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] in 12 weeks, the major lipids such as total cholesterol (tc) (p = 0.0003), triglyceride (tg) (p = 0.0003), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c) (p = 0.0064) and very low density lipoprotein cholesterol (vldl-c) (p = 0.0001) were significantly lower in amla group as compared to placebo group.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] it has been suggested that the antioxidative property of amla is the key to its therapeutic effect.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] after 4 weeks of treatment with a daily oral dose of the new food supplement bl, am or placebo, plus diet, the main outcome was the decrease of ldl-c, total cholesterol (tc), and triglyceride levels.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] statins can modestly raise the levels of hdl cholesterol and apolipoprotein a-i (apoa1).

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] amla (phyllanthus emblica l.), apart from its food value, can be used as a gastroprotective agent in non steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (nsaid)-induced gastropathy.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] recent clinical studies have demonstrated that plant sterols moderately lower serum cholesterol levels in patients with mild hypercholesterolemia.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] bl showed a good efficacy and safety profile and, for this reason, it can be considered an alternative to pharmacological treatment, for patients with mild-to-moderate hypercholesterolemia.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] modulation of cholesterol absorption is potentially an effective way of lowering blood cholesterol levels and decreasing inherent cardiovascular risk in the general population.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] evidence showed that ldl-cholesterol lowering is associated with a significant cardiovascular risk reduction.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] in the present manuscript, the cholesterol-lowering activity of some nutraceuticals (i.e.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] rbc-mda levels were significantly decreased and rbc-gsh levels were significantly increased with higher concentration of amla extract (150 and 200 μg/ml).

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] these results show that the amla extract used in the study is potentially a hypoglycaemic as well.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] supplementation of the high-fat/high-cholesterol diet with plant sterols or mineral nutrients partially prevented the diet-induced increased in serum cholesterol and, when given concurrently, their cholesterol-lowering effect was enhanced.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] to evaluate the ability of the new food supplement, body lipid (bl), containing red yeast rice, berberine, coenzyme q10 and hydroxytyrosol, to lower the ldl-c in patients with mild-to-moderate hypercholesterolemia and to assess the overall safety profile of the product.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] to compare the cholesterol-lowering efficacy and other metabolic effects of plant sterol and stanol esters, both of which are commonly used in the dietary management of hypercholesterolaemia.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] as found in the fresh wild amla fruit) in patients with dyslipidemia.

Are amla supplements effective and safe in lowering high cholesterol? [SEP] another trial did state that ale significantly (p<0.05) reduced blood cholesterol compared with placebo in a sub-group of patients with baseline total cholesterol levels of more than 230 mg/dl. |||

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] exhaled h2o2 may be used to guide the anti-inflammatory treatment of patients with asthma.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] recent evidence shows that this treatment also improves airway inflammation in nonallergic patients.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] studies suggest that hydrogen sulfide (h2s) plays a relevant and beneficial role in the pathophysiology of pulmonary allergic diseases, such as asthma.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] in conclusion, our results showed that h2s donor has a protective effect against airway epithelium damage caused by an allergic reaction, and represents a potential agent in treating allergic lung disorders, such as asthma.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] the beneficial effects of high-altitude treatment in asthma have been attributed to allergen avoidance.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] according to the hygiene hypothesis, respiratory infections should protect individuals from allergic diseases including asthma, but epidemiologic data on the role of infections or exposure to microbial compounds in asthma are contradictory.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] these findings collectively indicate that nebulized ketamine attenuated many of the central components of inflammatory changes and ahr in ova-provoked experimental asthma, potentially providing a new therapeutic approach against asthma.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] airborne allergen is an important cause of exacerbations even in those with 'intrinsic' asthma.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] lower airway inflammation may be present in non-asthmatic subjects during natural exposure to relevant allergens and may eventually lead to the development of asthma.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] since the 1950s, corticosteroid aerosols have proved useful in the treatment of asthma.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] in aeroallergen immunotherapy, studies suggest that prevention of asthma can be attained.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] atopy may be a risk factor in the development of asthma.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] therefore, our data suggest that short-term exposure to ozone can increase bronchial allergen responsiveness in subjects with mild allergic asthma or rhinitis.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] the aim of this study was to determine whether ozone enhances bronchial responsiveness to allergens in subjects with allergic asthma, or facilitates a bronchial response in subjects with allergic rhinitis.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] indoor allergens are considered to be more potent asthma inducers than outdoor ones such as pollens.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] this long-term study shows that exposure to lower levels of mite allergens in the bedroom is associated with a decrease of bronchial hyper-responsiveness in sensitized asthmatic subjects under optimal drug treatment.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] our results revealed that delivery of aerosolized ketamine using an ultrasonic nebulizer markedly suppressed allergen-mediated airway hyperreactivity, airway inflammation and airway inflammatory cell infiltration into the balf, and significantly decreased the levels of interleukin-4 (il-4) in the balf and expression of inos and the concentration of no in the inflamed airways from ova-treated rats.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] since airway hyperresponsiveness (ahr) and allergic inflammatory changes are regarded as the primary manifestations of asthma, the main goals of asthma treatment are to decrease inflammation and maximize bronchodilation.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] therefore, evidence obtained from studies on mice indicates that innate immune responses may promote, rather than protect from, the development as well as the exacerbation of asthma.

Does inhaling hive air have health benefits for asthma, allergies or other conditions? [SEP] we determined the effect of exposure to house dust mite (hdm) allergens on bronchial responsiveness in asthmatics sensitive to mites while under optimal drug treatment. |||

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] our data suggest that infant swimming practice in chlorinated indoor swimming pools is associated with airways changes that, along with other factors, seem to predispose children to the development of asthma and recurrent bronchitis.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] exposure to chlorinated water in swimming facilities may aggravate preexisting asthma or cause new onset asthma.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] to assess prospectively whether early-life attendance at chlorinated pools increases the risks of ige sensitization and of airways inflammation later during childhood.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] however, the inevitable exposure to chlorine and its disinfectant byproducts in indoor swimming pools could be responsible for bronchial inflammation and asthma development.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] attendance at chlorinated swimming pools in early life is associated with higher risks of new-onset airways inflammation and ige sensitization to house dust mite, independently of other risk factors.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] infant swimmers who developed bronchiolitis also showed higher risks of asthma and respiratory allergies later in childhood.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] recent studies suggest that swimming in chlorinated pools during infancy may increase the risks of lower respiratory tract infection.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] irritant chlorination products in swimming pools can cause respiratory problems in swimmers but their possible implication in allergies development is still unclear.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] exposure to disinfectants and disinfection byproducts (dbps) due to swimming in chlorinated water has been associated with allergic and respiratory health effects, including asthma.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] to examine whether swimming in infancy and childhood was associated with asthma and allergic symptoms at age 7 and 10 years in a uk longitudinal population-based birth cohort, the avon longitudinal study of parents and children.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] there may be a link between infant swimming and rhinovirus-induced wheezing illnesses in atopic infants.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] this higher incidence of allergic diseases and subclinical sensitization to aeroallergens, disorders of the cellular immune system, and bronchial hyperresponsiveness in competitive swimmers compared with control subjects could be due to repeated exposure to chlorine in swimming pools.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] we evaluated the impact of infant swimming practice on allergic status and respiratory health later in childhood.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] outdoor chlorinated swimming pool attendance is associated with higher risks of asthma, airways inflammation and some respiratory allergies.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] attendance at indoor or outdoor chlorinated pools ever before the age of 2 yrs was associated with an increased risk of bronchiolitis (or 1.68; 95% ci 1.08-2.68; p = 0.03), which was exposure-dependent for both types of pool (p-value for trend <0.01).

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] it is already known that acute exposure to chlorine gas as in swimming pool accidents causes lung damage and also that elite swimmers may have increased airway inflammation and bronchial hyperreactivity, probably as a result of repeated exposure to chlorine derivatives.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] swimming pool attendance during infancy is associated with a higher risk of bronchiolitis, with ensuing increased risks of asthma and allergic sensitisation.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] the effects of swimming in indoor chlorinated pools on the airways in recreational and elite swimmers are presented.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] exposure to indoor chlorinated swimming pools can be detrimental to the airways of swimmers and increase asthma risks but it is unknown whether these effects concern outdoor pools.

Can chlorinated water from baby swimming cause asthma or allergies later in childhood? [SEP] the aim of the present study was to assess the influence of swimming in chlorinated pools on the risks of bronchiolitis and its late consequences. |||

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] among the identified risk factors of age-related macular degeneration, sunlight is known to induce cumulative damage to the retina.

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] cumulative light-mediated damage to the retina over a long time period may be involved in the development of age-related retinopathies.

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] exposure to solar radiation is a risk factor for multiple ocular pathologies.

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] a growing body of evidence shows that cumulative long-term exposure to uv radiation may be harmful to the retina and possibly leads to amd irrespective of age.

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] high-energy visible light (hev) is associated with age-related macular degeneration.

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] this evolution of our optical landscape raises major concerns regarding phototoxicity to the retina since light exposure is an identified risk factor for the development of age-related macular degeneration (amd).

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] this paper reviews recent findings on the implication of nutritional and genetic factors in age-related eye diseases: age-related macular degeneration (amd; a degenerative disease of the retina) and cataract (opacification of the lens).

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] major human diseases that affect vision, such as age-related macular degeneration (amd) and some forms of retinitis pigmentosa (rp), may be promoted by light.

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] this form of radiation has been implicated as one of the potential etiological factors causing age-related macular degeneration (amd).

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] seasonal affective disorder) increase the risk for age-related light damage to the retina.

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] the adverse effects of sunlight, from melanoma to cataracts, are well known and frequently reported (1).

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] the latest systemic review of epidemiological investigations revealed that excessive light exposure increases the risk of amd.

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] age-related macular degeneration (amd) is the leading cause of blindness in the aged people.

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] in this study, specific causal factors of amd are analyzed, emphasizing the causal role and effects of sunlight, no matter which part of its spectrum, in a longer exposition through life.

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] the evidence that solar radiation is responsible for some of the deteriorative changes that lead to amd is examined in this review.

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] the extent of structural retinal damage and associated visual impairment is dependent upon the intensity and duration of solar exposure.

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] in the human retina, documented lesions from solar radiation range from the acute effects of sun-gazing to injuries resulting from prolonged periods of exposure in brightly illuminated environments.

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] ultraviolet (uv) radiation is involved in ocular diseases, including pterygium, ocular surface squamous neoplasia, and cataracts.

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] it is well known that age-related macular degeneration (amd), besides glaucoma and diabetic retinopathy, represents a major cause of low vision and blindness throughout the world.

Is a lot of sunlight in childhood and adolescence a cause of age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] light pollution by artificial light, might accelerate retinal diseases and circadian asynchrony. |||

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] the age-related eye disease study (areds) suggests antioxidants may delay the advance of age-related macular degeneration.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] macular pigment may protect against age related macular degeneration (amd), because of its capability to absorb blue light and scavenge free radicals.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] this paper reviews recent findings on the implication of nutritional and genetic factors in age-related eye diseases: age-related macular degeneration (amd; a degenerative disease of the retina) and cataract (opacification of the lens).

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] cumulative light exposure is significantly associated with ageing and the progression of age-related macular degeneration.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] age-related macular degeneration is one of the leading causes of vision loss in the elderly.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] these in vitro findings support the hypothesis that the ultraviolet- and blue light-absorbing intraocular lens may prevent retinal damage in clinical use.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] epidemiologic evidence indicates that dark iris color increases risk of age-related cataract.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] our data indicate that iris pigmentation may be directly related to age-associated increases in lens od.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] age-related macular degeneration (amd) is the leading cause of irreversible blindness in people over the age of 65.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] age-related macular degeneration (amd) is one of the most common diseases leading to blindness in elderly people.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] the possibility that the macular carotenoids, lutein (l), and zeaxanthin (z), could retard age-related changes in the eye and prevent the eye diseases that result from such changes (namely, cataract and macular degeneration) has been carefully studied.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] age-related macular degeneration (amd) is a major cause of visual impairment in the elderly and identifying people with the early stages of amd is important when considering the design and implementation of preventative strategies for late amd.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] the prevalence of ocular diseases and the impairment of vision increases with age.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] aging is a major risk factor for age-related ocular diseases including age-related macular degeneration in the retina and retinal pigment epithelium (rpe), cataracts in the lens, glaucoma in the optic nerve, and dry eye syndrome in the cornea.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] vision of the elderly may be affected by typical age-related diseases like cataract and macular degeneration.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] age-related macular degeneration (amd) affects the central vision and subsequently may lead to visual loss in people over 60 years of age.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] antioxidants, such as vitamin e, c or zinc, clearly have a protective effect in amd and probably in cataract.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] although 98% of elderly subjects have reported to suffer from any ocular disease, subjective quality of life seems to be affected to a lesser extent.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] macular pigment, with its antioxidant and light-screening properties, is thought to be protective against amd.

Does wearing sunglasses in childhood and adolescence protect against macular degeneration in old age??? [SEP] this study compares the possible protective effects of a blue light-absorbing intraocular lens to an untinted ultraviolet-absorbing intraocular lens with regard to light-induced oxidative stress and senescence of human retinal pigment epithelium. |||

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] the consumption of natural mineral water has increased enormously during the past few years, yet doubts are arising about the real utility of using such water instead of ordinary drinking water (tap water).

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] the mineral ingredients included in drinking water may affect the physical condition of people.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] mineral water's 'special' mineral composition might have properties favourable to health, which should be assessed by clinical and pharmacological analyses.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] groundwater is believed to possess many beneficial effects due to its natural source of various minerals.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] drinking water is an important nutrient for human health.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] the epidermal hyperplasia and allergic inflammation were reduced in atopic mice supplied with jeju groundwater when compared to those supplied with tap water or other kinds of natural groundwater.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] after drinking jeju groundwaters for two months, s2 but not s3 significantly reduced weight growth and serum triglycerides levels and increased high density lipoprotein-c (hdl-c) without affecting total cholesterol or ldl-c. s1 and particularly s2 significantly reduced the severity of liver hypertrophy and steatosis.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] jeju groundwater s1 and particularly s2 exhibit protective effects against hyperlipidemia and fatty liver and hypothesize that the beneficial effect of jeju groundwaters may be contributed from blockade of autoxidation of ferrous ions rather than their high contents of vanadium.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] in the past two decades, water has emerged as a potential therapeutic agent in nephrolithiasis, chronic kidney disease (ckd), and polycystic kidney disease (pkd) in particular.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] various kinds of natural water are in circulation as bottled water in developed countries; however, its influence on clinical conditions of patients with certain diseases has not been fully evaluated.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] the early inflammation and hypersensitivity in the atopic skin was alleviated in mice supplied with jeju groundwater, suggesting its profitable potential on the daily care of patients with skin troubles including ad.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] in nephrolithiasis, the benefit of drinking water beyond that demanded by thirst is a cornerstone of therapy for both primary and secondary disease.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] in this study, we examined the effects of natural jeju groundwater s1 (samdasoo™), s2 and s3 pumped up from different locations of jeju island, korea, along with local tap water, on body weight gain, serum lipids and lipoproteins, and liver histopathology in high-fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] no toxicological signs were recorded at the allium cepa assay for any but the water with the highest mineral content.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] moreover, water may be a key vehicle in the processes of energy healing, such as in the preparation of homeopathic remedies and spiritual treatments.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] although evidence is lacking to support increased water intake in the general population, available evidence indicates that individuals who are at risk for nephrolithiasis as well as those with ckd and pkd may benefit from 3 to 4 l of urine output each day, a level of excretion that is likely to be safe.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] in this study, effects of the natural groundwater from jeju island on clinical symptoms and skin barrier function in atopic dermatitis (ad) were evaluated.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] we performed a comprehensive review of the literature to determine where the evolving state of knowledge lies regarding the benefits of water as a therapy for renal diseases.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] mice were given different natural groundwater or tap water for 8 weeks from 4 weeks of age.

Does water from jugs with semi-precious stones have a positive health effect? [SEP] jering (archidendron jiringa) is eaten in the tropics and traditionally extolled for treating diabetes, high blood pressure and eliminating bladder stones. |||

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] we hypothesize that naturally occurring coral calcium and zeolite may prevent ovariectomy-induced bone loss.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] although it has been hypothesized that a high intake of dietary calcium may reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease (cvd), no prospective studies have been conducted to examine the specific association between calcium intake and incidence of stroke or coronary heart disease among japanese with a low average calcium intake.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] calcium is an essential mineral to support bone health and serves as a major therapeutic intervention to prevent and delay the incidence of osteoporosis.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] dietary calcium intake, especially calcium from dairy products, was found to be associated with a reduced incidence of stroke among middle-aged japanese.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] coral calcium protected bone to a lesser extent in the proximal tibia and lumbar vertebrae.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] this review assesses (1) the potential role of calcium supplements in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis and osteoporotic fractures, and (2) the safety of calcium supplements with respect to cardiovascular health as well.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] dietary or supplemental calcium intake has long been encouraged for optimal bone health.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] the published data so far suggest a potential detrimental effect of calcium supplement on cardiovascular health (i.e.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] in this review, we present results from observational studies and randomized controlled trials (rcts) that have evaluated calcium intake (dietary or supplemental) in relation to cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular disease as a secondary outcome.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] calcium is necessary for the prevention and treatment of diseases such as osteoporosis, hypertension, and, possibly, colon cancer.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] adequate calcium intake is important for the prevention of bone loss and osteoporosis.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] to investigate the association between calcium intake and risk of cvd, a total of 41 526 japanese men and women age 40 to 59 years without a history of cvd or cancer and who had completed a food consumption frequency questionnaire were enrolled in this study.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] the present study was conducted to examine the effect of a novel plant-based calcium supplement, derived from marine algae, and contains high levels of calcium, magnesium, and other bone supporting minerals [commercially known as algaecal (ac)], on proliferation, mineralization, and oxidative stress in cultured human osteoblast cells, and compared with inorganic calcium carbonate and calcium citrate salts.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] the national osteoporosis foundation and american society for preventive cardiology convened an expert panel to evaluate the effects of dietary and supplemental calcium on cardiovascular disease based on the existing peer-reviewed scientific literature.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] supplementation of calcium is highly recommended for such conditions.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] epidemiologic evidence supporting a protective role of calcium and vitamin d in colorectal carcinogenesis has been accumulating in western populations, but it is limited in asian populations, whose intake of calcium is relatively low.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] the strongest protective effect has been reported in individuals with a calcium intake < 700 mg/day and in high-risk groups.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] overall, coral calcium and zeolite may protect postmenopausal bone loss.

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] whereas calcium may have a beneficial or neutral effect on cardiovascular risk factors such as blood pressure, cholesterol, weight, and diabetes, available evidence does not provide a definitive answer for an association with cardiovascular disease (cvd).

Is calcium from Japanese coral safe and effective in preventing disease? [SEP] for example, calcium may play a role in increasing levels of high-density lipoprotein, preventing colon polyp formation, reducing blood pressure in some hypertensive individuals, reducing kidney stone recurrence, promoting weight loss, and reducing the symptoms of premenstrual syndrome. |||

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] good sleep is advantageous to the quality of life.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] despite proper sleep hygiene being critical to our health, guidelines for improving sleep habits often focus on only a single component, namely, sleep duration.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] sleep hygiene can be described as practices to ease sleep and to avoid factors which decrease sleep quality.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] disruption of sleep structure results in learning deficits that can be rescued by pharmacologically or genetically consolidating sleep.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] getting enough sleep during the night is important for preventing adverse short- and long-term health outcomes.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] sleep-related benefits are particularly helpful for the working class, since poor or inadequate amounts of sleep degrade work productivity and overall health.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] they also claim that by taking the findings of chronobiology seriously in policy-making some sleep problems can be prevented.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] we hypothesize that consistently meeting sleep guidelines that recommend at least 7 hours of sleep per night will be associated with better cognition, greater gray matter volumes, higher fractional anisotropy, and lower radial diffusivity values.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] sleep is a modifiable lifestyle factor that can be a target for efficient intervention studies to improve the quality of life and decrease the risk or burden of some chronic conditions.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] purpose in life has been linked with better mental health, physical health, and health behaviors, but the association between purpose and sleep is understudied.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] we investigated in healthy subjects whether low/high frequencies (lf/hf) and other heart rate variability (hrv) metrics, extracted in the period immediately before sleep onset, are able to predict quality/architecture sleep parameters in the sample group and in the evening-intermediate- chronotype subgroups.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] sleep has been shown to be imperative for the health and well-being of an individual.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] both the structure and the amount of sleep are important for brain function.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] single-blind, randomized, clinical trial in a university-based sleep center, enrolling 64 adults (n = 30 women, 34 men; mean age = 79 years) without sleep/wake complaints (e.g., insomnia or daytime sleepiness), followed by randomized assignment to either: 1) restriction of time in bed by delaying bedtime 30 minutes nightly for 18 months, together with education in healthy sleep practices (sleep); or 2) attention-only control condition with education in health dietary practices (nutrition).

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] should future research replicate our findings, this area of research may lead to innovative efforts that improve the quality of sleep in older adults.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] chronobiologists argue that their scientific findings have implications for prevention of sleep problems.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] this review paper explores the essential role of sleep in healthy work schedules and primarily focuses on the timing of sleep in relation to the work period (that is, before, during and after work).

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] the public often seeks rule-of-thumb criteria for good or poor sleep, with a particular emphasis on sleep duration, sleep latency, and the number of awakenings each night.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] these observations stress the importance of maintaining proper sleep habits, beyond sleep duration, as high variability in bedtimes may be detrimental to one's cardiovascular health.

Does the observance of feng shui design rules help against bad sleep? [SEP] this review discusses the need for sleep, effects of sleep deprivation on behaviour and performance in the military, and sleep management recommendations to optimise combat effectiveness. |||

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] vitamin c may also have some effect on the immune system.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] the failure of vitamin c supplementation to reduce the incidence of colds in the general population indicates that routine vitamin c supplementation is not justified, yet vitamin c may be useful for people exposed to brief periods of severe physical exercise.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] the severity of colds was also reduced by regular vitamin c administration.seven comparisons examined the effect of therapeutic vitamin c (3249 episodes).

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] a large scale double-blind trial was conducted to test the claim that the intake of one gram of vitamin c per day substantially reduces the frequency and duration of "colds".

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] this study examined the impact of vitamin c on physical activity and respiratory tract infections during the peak of the cold season.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] these data suggest measurable health advantages associated with vitamin c supplementation in a population with adequate-to-low vitamin c status.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] in children, 1 to 2 g/day vitamin c shortened colds by 18%.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] vitamin c is an essential micronutrient and powerful antioxidant.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] numerous studies have demonstrated that supplementation with vitamin c enhances the immune system, avoids dna damage, and significantly decreases the risk of a wide range of pathologies, such as cancers, and degenerative and chronic diseases.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] currently, there is no evidence to suggest that vitamin c supplementation reduces the risk of cvd in healthy participants and those at increased risk of cvd, but current evidence is limited to one trial of middle-aged and older male physicians from the usa.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] furthermore, vitamin c acts as a biological antioxidant that can lower elevated levels of oxidative stress, which also may contribute to chronic disease prevention.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] the role of vitamin c (ascorbic acid) in the prevention and treatment of the common cold has been a subject of controversy for 60 years, but is widely sold and used as both a preventive and therapeutic agent.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] dietary intake of vitamin c relates to a reduction in cartilage loss and oa.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] vitamin c is an essential component of the diet and may reduce the adverse effects of exercise-induced reactive oxygen species, including muscle damage, immune dysfunction, and fatigue.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] it is proposed that vitamin c administration can reduce disproportionate pain and stiffness after distal radius fracture; however, randomized trials that tested this hypothesis have had inconsistent results.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] in vitro data suggest that vitamin c alters numerous parameters of immune function and might have potential as an agent which prevents infection.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] vitamin c (ascorbic acid) has been known to prevent scurvy for many years.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] however, the current literature provides little support for the widespread use of vitamin c supplementation to reduce cvd risk or mortality.

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] thirty trial comparisons involving 11,350 study participants contributed to the meta-analysis on the relative risk (rr) of developing a cold whilst taking prophylactic vitamin c. the pooled rr was 0.96 (95% confidence intervals (ci) 0.92 to 1.00).

Does taking vitamin C prevent motion sickness? [SEP] vitamin c supplementation attenuates the oxidative stress (lipid peroxidation) and inflammatory response (il-6) to a single bout of exercise. |||

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] lifewave energy enhancer (lee) patches (lifewave corp, san diego, ca, usa) on skin produce some changes that are consistent with increased energy production, but little is known about their effects on cortisol concentrations or the peripheral circulation.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] the study intended to assess the effects of lee patches on salivary cortisol, peripheral circulation, and psychological measures on healthy adults.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] in its various applications, it has been linked to improved muscular, skeletal, metabolic, or cognitive functioning, quality of life, and physiological parameters such as blood pressure.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] this paper summarizes recent studies on the use of consumer wearable devices to improve physical activity, mental health, and health consciousness.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] regular physical activity has multifarious benefits for physical and mental health, and music has been found to exert positive effects on physical activity.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] overall, results supported the use of music listening across a range of physical activities to promote more positive affective valence, enhance physical performance (i.e., ergogenic effect), reduce perceived exertion, and improve physiological efficiency.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] regular practice of sport activities yields psychophysical benefits for both the general population and persons affected by physical or intellectual impairments.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] potential benefits of enhanced activity are reviewed.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] likely psychological gains include an improvement of mood-state, with a reduction of anxiety and depression, an increase of self-esteem and feelings of greater self-efficacy.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] the polaris wr is a device that combines laser energy with radiofrequency (rf) treatment to provide more focused rf energy on the skin to reduce wrinkles and/or tighten skin.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] hence, researchers have begun to put significant efforts into studying the direct and indirect benefits of wearable devices for health and wellbeing.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] music was associated with significant beneficial effects on affective valence (g = 0.48, ci ), physical performance (g = 0.31, ci ), perceived exertion (g = 0.22, ci ), and oxygen consumption (g = 0.15, ci ).

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] all these previous studies indicate that wearable devices are used either to validate their benefits for general wellbeing or for more serious medical contexts, such as cardiovascular disorders and post-stroke treatment.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] perceived health is improved, and in a more long-term perspective there is a reduced risk of many chronic diseases.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] findings suggested the use of music during warm-up to increase stmp, rpe, and fs at both times of day, and reduce the morning-afternoon difference in the cj30 test.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] to examine the influence active-play video gaming (also referred to as exergaming, exertainment, and active gaming) might have on improving health-related skills, enhancing self-esteem and self-efficacy, promoting social support, and ultimately motivating positive changes in health behaviors, the american heart association convened the power of play: innovations in getting active summit.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] are hearing aids associated with improved health-related quality of life in adults with mild to moderate hearing loss?

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to determine if lllt improved hearing, speech understanding, and/or cochlear function in adults with hearing loss.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] it is argued that experiences made in successful programs can increase self-efficacy, mindfulness and subjective well-being.

Do Lifewave patches improve health or athletic and mental performance? [SEP] recently, wearable device technology has gained more popularity in supporting a healthy lifestyle. |||

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] both diode laser and the ipl are effective, safe, and able to produce lasting results in axillary hair removal.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] devices such as diode laser and intense pulsed light (ipl) are in constant development aiming at permanent hair removal, but there are few comparative studies between these technologies.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] to compare the safety and long-term efficacy of diode lasers (dl) and ipl sources for axillary hair removal, we conducted an intrapatient, left-to-right, assessor-blinded and controlled trial.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] the objective was to comparatively assess axillary hair removal performed by diode laser and ipl and to obtain parameters of referred pain and evolution response for each method.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] a comparative prospective, double-blind, and randomized study of axillary hair removal performed by the diode laser and ipl was conducted in 21 females.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] the efficacy of the long-pulsed diode laser (lpdl) in hair removal is determined with various physical parameters.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] to evaluate the long-term efficacy of hair removal using a diode laser with different spot sizes.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] the number of hair shafts was significantly reduced with the diode laser and ipl.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] applications for intense pulsed light (ipl) for hair removal are gaining favor among other methods, including lasers, because of its noninvasive nature, versatility regarding different skin and hair types, safety, and ease of use.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] we have assessed the relative efficacy and discomfort associated with competing hair removal techniques, namely a high average power 810 nm diode laser using an “in-motion” technique with a market-leading 810 nm device with a single-pass vacuum-assisted technique.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] the diode laser was more effective, although more painful than the ipl.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] the effectiveness of intense pulsed light (ipl) and laser devices is widely accepted in aesthetic dermatology for unwanted hair removal and treatment of a variety of cutaneous conditions.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] intense pulsed light (ipl) is a mainstream treatment for hair removal.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] unwanted hair can be reduced by both systems safely and effectively; however, ipl has less side effects and higher satisfaction scores.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] we compared a shr mode ipl system with alexandrite and nd: yag lasers for leg hair reduction.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] both laser and ipl reduced the hair count substantially; laser vs control was significant at p=0.028, but ipl vs control had p=0.13, suggesting that more subjects or more treatments were required if statistical significance were to be achieved.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] nevertheless, based on patient satisfaction rate in this study, the authors recommend using ipl for hair removal.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] this data supports the hypothesis that using diode lasers at low fluences and high average power with a multiple pass in-motion technique is an effective method for hair removal, with less pain and discomfort, while maintaining good efficacy.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] the present study demonstrated that this new ipl system is both efficient and safe for hair removal.

Are there differences in hair removal effectiveness between IPL and diode laser? [SEP] intense pulsed light (ipl) sources have been successfully used for hair removal, but long-term hair reduction may require several treatments. |||

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] carbon dioxide (co2), an important gas molecule metabolite produced by the tricarboxylic acid cycle, is a direct signal for identifying cancers in cells and tissues.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] carbonic anhydrase (ca) catalyzes the reversible conversion of carbon dioxide to bicarbonate ion and a proton, and its inhibitor is reported to reduce cancer cell proliferation and induce apoptosis.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] our results suggested that ca is involved in intestinal carcinogenesis.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] the aim of our study is to elucidate whether the promoter dna methylation of the cancer-specific methylation gene, cysteine dioxygenase 1 (cdo1), contributes to the carcinogenic process in crc.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] in conclusion, this study strongly suggests that exposure to carbon dioxide may be more toxic than previously thought.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] higher calcium intake was associated with a lower risk of developing colon cancer, especially for distal colon cancer.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] this may be relevant for carcinogenic effects of combustion products.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] the relationship between calcium intake and colorectal cancer (crc) risk remains inconclusive.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] chronic inflammation is a major driving factor for the development of colitis-associated cancer (cac).

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] abnormal mucosal inflammation in the intestine is a critical risk factor for colitis-associated colorectal cancer (cac).

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] infection with caga -positive strains of h. pylori increases the risk for gastric cancer over the risk associated with h. pylori infection alone.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] colorectal cancer (crc) is one of the most common cancers worldwide.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] colorectal cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer death, both in men and women.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] this finding reveals a previously unrecognized link between pyroptosis and cac tumorigenesis and offers new insight into cac pathogenesis.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] h. pylori and caga seropositivity significantly increased the risk for gastric cancer by 2.28- and 2.87-fold, respectively.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] the aim of this study was to assess whether one of the most common poisons of cellular respiration, i.e., carbon dioxide, is proinflammatory.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] among h. pylori -infected populations, infection with caga -positive strains further increased the risk for gastric cancer by 1.64-fold (95% confidence interval [ci], 1.21-2.24) overall and by 2.01-fold (95% ci, 1.21-3.32) for noncardiac gastric cancer.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] however, the metabolic alteration by which chronic intestinal inflammation promotes colorectal cancer is unclear.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] these results indicate that acme could exert a significant chemopreventive effect on colon carcinogenesis induced by dmh.

Does carbonic acid cause cancer? [SEP] epidemiological and experimental studies suggest that bile acids may play a role in crc etiology. |||

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] carboxylic acids (cas), especially butyric acid, have been suggested to counteract colonic diseases, such as ulcerative colitis and colon cancer.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] calcium may also act locally or systemically on the colonic mucosa.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] calcium has a direct antitropic action on colonic crypts.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] dietary calcium (ca) positively modulates the susceptibility to colon cancer, but its effects on related or earlier colonic pathologies, such as inflammation and mucosal dysregulation, are poorly understood.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] background: chlorogenic acid (cga), a natural bioactive polyphenol, exerts anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, and antibacterial effects that support the maintenance of intestinal health.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] the colon plays a pivotal role in cga metabolism.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] higher calcium intake was associated with a lower risk of developing colon cancer, especially for distal colon cancer.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] in addition, vitamin c supplements caused attenuated mucosal oxidative dna damage and milder mucosal inflammation in short-term gastritis.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] dietary supplementation with calcium may prevent the development of colorectal cancer.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] although dietary calcium intake has long been recommended for disease prevention, the influence of calcium in development of cancer in the upper gastrointestinal tract has not been explored.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] the relationship between calcium intake and colorectal cancer (crc) risk remains inconclusive.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] caffeine is known to produce various effects on the gastrointestinal tract.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] epidemiological studies show that high intake of food-bound vitamin c and e reduces the risk of gastric cancer.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] mucosal concentrations of carbonyl carbons on proteins and 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] several studies suggested that charcoal supplement may be beneficial for stomach disorders, diarrhea, gas and indigestion.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] the findings are consistent with a causal association between h. pylori infection and low ascorbic acid levels in gastric juice, and support two mechanisms for this association: increased oxidation and a decreased secretion of ascorbic acid.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] to investigate the change of vitamin c concentration (ascorbic and dehydroascorbic acid) in gastric juice after anti-helicobacter pylori treatment, and to relate any observed change to gastric ph, inflammatory compromise of the gastric mucosa, plasma vitamin c concentration, and smoking habits.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] gastric juice ascorbic acid increased significantly after h. pylori clearance.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] however, the influence of cga on gut microbiota and their metabolites, as well as its potential effects and mechanism of action in inflammatory bowel disease, remain to be elucidated.

Does carbonic acid have any health effects on the digestive tract??? [SEP] among the gastric function indices studied, only meal-stimulated gastrin was significantly influenced by caga status (peak gastrin 129.9  vs 99.1  pg/ml in caga-positive and negative nud, respectively), but this was not accompanied by any significant modification of basal or stimulated acid secretion or gastric emptying of solids. |||

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] compression stockings reduce the risk of thromboembolic complications, leg edema, and edema-related pain and discomfort during long-haul flights.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] this review demonstrates the effectiveness of medium compression pressure, below-knee graduated compression stockings in preventing flight-related deep vein thrombosis but not superficial venous thrombosis in low-medium- or high-risk participants.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] this paper reports a systematic review whose objective was to evaluate the effectiveness of graduated compression stockings as prophylaxis for flight-related venous thrombosis, including deep vein thrombosis and superficial venous thrombosis, after air travel in the general population.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] passengers experiencing edema-related discomfort during short-haul flights may benefit from wearing compression stockings during air travel.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] there is moderate-quality evidence that superficial vein thrombosis may be reduced if passengers wear compression stockings.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] the aim of this study was to assess if compression stockings reduce leg edema, pain, and discomfort during a three-hour flight.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] wearing of elastic compression stockings during long-haul air travel is associated with a reduction in symptomless dvt.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] randomised trials of compression stockings versus no stockings in passengers on flights lasting at least four hours.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] randomized trials of compression stockings versus no stockings in passengers on flights lasting at least four hours.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] compression stockings reduced edema formation in young healthy passengers during a three-hour flight.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] elastic compression stockings are useful for preventing post-thrombotic syndrome after deep venous thrombosis (dvt).

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] airline passengers similar to those in this review can expect a substantial reduction in the incidence of symptomless dvt and leg oedema if they wear compression stockings.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] there is high-quality evidence that airline passengers similar to those in this review can expect a substantial reduction in the incidence of symptomless dvt and low-quality evidence that leg oedema is reduced if they wear compression stockings.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] it has been suggested that wearing compression stockings might reduce this risk.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] it has been suggested that wearing compression stockings might reduce this risk.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] the role of graduated compression stockings in the prevention of post-thrombotic syndrome has been studied with opinion being divided on the beneficial effects.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] despite the extended history of the use of graduated compression stockings, their application to prevent flight-related thrombosis was not explored until flight-related thrombosis was perceived as a preventable illness.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] to assess the effects of wearing compression stockings versus not wearing them among people travelling on flights lasting at least four hours.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] in the same paper, graduated elastic compression stockings reduced this incidence of asymptomatic venous thrombosis.

Does wearing compression stockings on a long-haul flight prevent thrombosis (blood clots) and the associated symptoms? [SEP] all flights had a duration of more than five hours.fifty of 2637 participants with follow-up data available in the trials of wearing compression stockings on both legs had a symptomless dvt; three wore stockings, 47 did not (odds ratio (or) 0.10, 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.04 to 0.25, p < 0.001; high-quality evidence). |||

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] extracorporeal shock wave therapy is among the conservative treatments for symptomatic heel spur.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] the objective of the present study was to test whether focused extracorporeal shock wave therapy is effective in relieving chronic heel pain diagnosed as plantar fasciitis.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] high-energy extracorporeal shock wave therapy has been shown to be an effective treatment for chronic insertional achilles tendinopathy.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] focused extracorporeal shock waves (eswt) has been used in the treatment of plantar fasciitis with heel spurs.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] the aim of this study was to compare the effect of extracorporeal shockwave therapy (eswt) in patients with chronically painful proximal plantar fasciitis with a conventional conservative treatment consisting of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, heel cup, orthoses and/or shoe modifications, local steroid injections and electrotherapy.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] to compare the results of extracorporeal shock wave (eswt) with a modified endoscopic plantar fasciotomy technique for the treatment of recalcitrant heel pain.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] sixty-five patients suffering from chronic heel pain that failed to respond to standard nonoperative methods were randomized to undergo either high-energy extracorporeal shock wave therapy (group 1), or modified endoscopic plantar fasciotomy (group 2).

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] to evaluate the effectiveness of extracorporeal shock wave therapy (eswt) for the treatment of painful subcalcaneal spurs and evaluate whether local steroid injections, body weight and the length of symptoms can affect the clinical results.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] among noninvasive management of plantar fasciitis, extracorporeal shockwave therapy (eswt) has been extensively studied and found to be effective, but few studies have assessed the effectiveness of kinesiotaping (kt) method.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] the results of the present study provide proof of the clinically relevant effect size of focused extracorporeal shock wave therapy without local anesthesia in the treatment of recalcitrant plantar fasciitis, with success rates between 50% and 65%.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] shock wave therapy is an effective treatment for chronic noninsertional achilles tendinopathy.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] shock wave therapy is an effective treatment for noninsertional achilles tendinopathy.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] the effectiveness of extracorporeal shock wave therapy in the treatment of plantar fasciitis is controversial.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] extracorporal shock wave therapy (eswt) offers a nonsurgical option in addition to stretching exercises, heel cups, nsai, and corticosteroid injections.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] extracorporeal shock wave therapy (eswt) is an alternative treatment for refractory cases of plantar fasciitis.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] evidence from randomized controlled trials has shown that extracorporeal shockwave therapy (eswt) results in benefits in treating pain.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] the purpose of this trial is to evaluate and compare the therapeutic effects of radial shock wave (rswt) and focused shock wave (fswt) applied in the treatment of symptomatic heel spur.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] whether shock wave therapy or shock wave therapy combined with plantar fascia-specific stretching is more efficient in treating chronic plantar heel pain remains unclear.

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] thirty-four patients with chronic noninsertional achilles tendinopathy were treated with a single dose of high-energy shock wave therapy (shock wave therapy group; 3000 shocks; 0.21 mj/mm(2); total energy flux density, 604 mj/mm(2)).

Can extracorporeal shock wave therapy relieve heel pain if the cause is tendonitis or a heel spur? [SEP] effects of traditional treatments vary, and many recent reports focus on the use of extracorporeal shockwave therapy (eswt) for achilles tendinopathy but not for achilles tendon partial tear. |||

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] black bean is a source of anthocyanins and other phenolic compounds that are associated with health benefits.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] 5-hydroxy-l-tryptophan (5-htp) is a naturally occurring aromatic amino acid present in the seeds of the african plant griffonia simplicifolia.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] the common bean contains phytochemicals, including phenolic compounds, which can provide health benefits to the consumer.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] the seeds of griffonia simplicifolia baill., a tropical shrub native to west africa, are rich in 5-hydroxy-l-tryptophan (5-htp), a direct precursor in the synthesis of serotonin (5-ht).

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] the bark of the african tree pausinystalia yohimbe has been used as a food additive with aphrodisiac and penile erection enhancing properties.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] red bean exerts an anti-inflammatory response and has potential as a health-promoting ingredient.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] african potato (ap) is widely used as an immune booster for the treatment of various ailments.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] paullinia pinnata l. (sapindaceae) is an african tropical plant whose roots and leaves are used in traditional medicine for many purposes, especially for erectile dysfunction, but its action mechanism is unknown.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] equivocally, we conjecture that hyacinth bean could be used as a potent anti-obesity herbal functional food.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] jamapa bean is a black phaseolus vulgaris variety rich in condensed tannins, anthocyanins and flavonols with interesting biological activities.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] are traditionally consumed for its immense nutritive and medicinal values.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] the results showed that the extract has antinociceptive activity (when evaluated in hot plate and formalin test but not in tail flick test) without producing unwanted side effects or toxicity.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] the mechanism of action of some proteins involved in apoptosis was also evaluated, and the results suggest that black jamapa bean could be an important source of polyphenolic compounds with potential biological use as antioxidant and anticancer agents.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] in conclusion these findings indicate that griffonia simplicifolia seed extract exerts anxiolytic-like effect in rats and suggest its potential usefulness for the treatment of anxiety in humans.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] herein, we investigated the anti-obesity mechanisms of hyacinth bean compared to milk thistle, a natural herb employed for ameliorating obesity-related diseases, using high-fat diet (hfd) fed mice towards unfolding the perplexing mechanisms.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] in the dark-light test, the administration of the extract at the doses of 10 and 25 mg/kg was able to significantly increase the time spent in the light compartment (p<0.05).

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] the objective of this study was to evaluate the anti-inflammatory activity of 50 g/kg ethanolic extract of red bean (rbe) by measuring lipopolysaccharide (lps)-induced expressions of nitric oxide (no), inducible nitric oxide synthase (inos), cyclooxygenase 2 (cox-2), tumor necrosis factor-α (tnf-α), and interleukin-6 (il-6) in raw 264.7 macrophages.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] its extracts from the empty pods and seeds have a high content of total polyphenol, phytosterol, and flavonoids.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] the pharmacological properties of the plant extract are described in this review.

Does an extract from the African black bean (active ingredient 5-hydroxytryptophan) help against lovesickness? [SEP] to our knowledge, this is the first time that myricetin glycoside and proanthocyanidin oligomers containing (epi)-gallocatechin have been reported in the black bean. |||

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] thus, our data suggests that the hypothermic--and therefore the sleep-inducing--effects of hops extract are possibly mediated through activation of melatonin receptors.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] hops (humulus lupulus, cannabinaceae) has been used in traditional european medicine as a mild sedative for the treatment of anxiety, nervousness, and insomnia.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] hops (humulus lupulus l.), a major component of beer, contain potentially neuroactive compounds that made it useful in traditional medicine as a sleeping aid.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] however, there has been little information available about the underlying sleep inducing mechanism of hops.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] humulus lupulus l. (hops) is a popular botanical dietary supplement used by women as a sleep aid and for postmenopausal symptom relief.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] the hypothermic effects of melatonin and hops extract were antagonized with the competitive melatonin receptor antagonist luzindole.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] hops extract (250 mg kg(-1)) significantly decreased body temperature in male bl6/c57j mice (deltat -0.75 +/- 0.07 degrees c) 2 h after oral administration.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] hops (humulus lupulus (l.)) dietary supplements are of interest as herbal remedies to alleviate menopausal symptoms, such as hot flushes, depression and anxiety.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] hops also inhibit aromatase activity, which is linked to 8-pn.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] although being reported and used as a sedative remedy for several years, the bioactive principle of hop preparations is still not decisively clarified.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] daily intake of a hop extract, standardized on 8-pn as a potent phytoestrogen, exerted favorable effects on vasomotor symptoms and other menopausal discomforts.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] the present study aims to investigate the individual components in hops acting as allosteric modulators in gabaa receptors and bring further insight into the mode of action behind the sedative properties of hops.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] we recently reported that successive ingestion of matured hop extract (mhe), produced by oxidation of hops, results in a reduction of body fat in healthy overweight participants.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] extracts of the hops plant have been shown to reduce weight and insulin resistance in rodents and humans, but elucidation of the mechanisms responsible for these benefits has been hindered by the use of heterogeneous hops-derived mixtures.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] understanding the biological targets of hop dietary supplements and their phytoconstituents will ultimately lead to standardized botanical products with higher efficacy, safety, and chemopreventive properties.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] women seeking alternatives to hormone-replacement therapy for menopausal symptoms often try botanical dietary supplements containing extracts of hops (humulus lupulus l.).

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] in addition to its efficacy for menopausal symptoms, hops can also modulate the chemical estrogen carcinogenesis pathway and potentially protect women from breast cancer.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] sixteen peri- and postmenopausal women consumed the hop extract twice daily for 2 weeks, and the pharmacokinetics of tolbutamide, caffeine, dextromethorphan, and alprazolam were evaluated before and after supplementation as probe substrates for the enzymes cyp2c9, cyp1a2, cyp2d6, and cyp3a4/5, respectively.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] aqueous hop extract induced relaxation of endothelium-intact thoracic arterial rings in male and sham ovx rats, whereas a weak effect was observed in ovx rats.

Does a mixture of hops and other natural remedies help with sleep problems? [SEP] hop-derived prenylated flavonoids may provide an attractive addition to the alternative treatments available for relief of hot flushes and other menopausal discomforts. |||

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] thus, our data suggests that the hypothermic--and therefore the sleep-inducing--effects of hops extract are possibly mediated through activation of melatonin receptors.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] hops (humulus lupulus, cannabinaceae) has been used in traditional european medicine as a mild sedative for the treatment of anxiety, nervousness, and insomnia.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] hops (humulus lupulus l.), a major component of beer, contain potentially neuroactive compounds that made it useful in traditional medicine as a sleeping aid.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] these beneficial effects agree with the indication of hops for anxiety/mood disorders and restlessness, as approved by the german commission e.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] however, there has been little information available about the underlying sleep inducing mechanism of hops.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] humulus lupulus l. (hops) is a popular botanical dietary supplement used by women as a sleep aid and for postmenopausal symptom relief.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] the hypothermic effects of melatonin and hops extract were antagonized with the competitive melatonin receptor antagonist luzindole.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] in otherwise healthy young adults reporting at least mild depression, anxietyand stress symptoms, daily supplementation with a hops dry extract can significantly improve all these symptoms over a 4-week period.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] hops also inhibit aromatase activity, which is linked to 8-pn.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] the present study aims to investigate the individual components in hops acting as allosteric modulators in gabaa receptors and bring further insight into the mode of action behind the sedative properties of hops.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] hops extract (250 mg kg(-1)) significantly decreased body temperature in male bl6/c57j mice (deltat -0.75 +/- 0.07 degrees c) 2 h after oral administration.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] hops (humulus lupulus (l.)) dietary supplements are of interest as herbal remedies to alleviate menopausal symptoms, such as hot flushes, depression and anxiety.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] although being reported and used as a sedative remedy for several years, the bioactive principle of hop preparations is still not decisively clarified.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] in addition to its wide range of bioactivity, it exhibits neuroactive properties as a sedative and sleeping aid.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] our aim was to study the effects of a hops dry extract on self-reported depression, anxiety and stress levels in young adults.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] in addition to its efficacy for menopausal symptoms, hops can also modulate the chemical estrogen carcinogenesis pathway and potentially protect women from breast cancer.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] significantly decreased dass-21 anxiety, depression and stress scores were documented with hops (9.2±7.3 vs. 5.1±5.9, 11.9±7.9 vs. 9.2±7.4, and 19.1±8.1 vs. 11.6±8.1; all p values <0.05), which were significantly greater compared to those caused by the placebo (all p values <0.05).

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] health benefits of hop polyphenols are well studied.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] understanding the biological targets of hop dietary supplements and their phytoconstituents will ultimately lead to standardized botanical products with higher efficacy, safety, and chemopreventive properties.

Do hops as a single active ingredient help with sleep problems??? [SEP] daily intake of a hop extract, standardized on 8-pn as a potent phytoestrogen, exerted favorable effects on vasomotor symptoms and other menopausal discomforts. |||

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] consumption of reishi mushroom has been reported to prevent colon carcinogenesis in rodents, although the underlying mechanisms remain unclear.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] the mushroom known as reishi (ganoderma lucidum) has been used as an herbal medicine for tumor treatment and immune system activation.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] some non-edible mushrooms like reishi (ganoderma lucidum) have a history use, both alone and in conjunction with standard therapies, for the treatment of various diseases including cancer in some cultures.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] ganoderma lucidum (reishi), an oriental medical mushroom, has been widely used in asian countries for centuries to prevent or treat different diseases, including cancer.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] ganoderma lucidum (reishi) is a popular medicinal mushroom and has been used in oriental medicine because of its promoting effects on health and life expectancy.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] the popular edible mushroom ganoderma lucidum (reishi) has been widely used for the general promotion of health and longevity in asian countries.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] these results suggest that the reishi extracts have an impact on colon luminal health by modulating secondary bile acids, microflora, mucins, and propionate that related to colon cancer.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] edible medicinal mushrooms have been used in traditional medicine as regimes for cancer patients.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] shiitake (lentinus edodes) mushrooms have been reported to have cancer-preventing properties.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] to investigate this effect, rats were fed a high-fat diet supplemented with 5% water extract from either the reishi mushroom (ganoderma lingzhi) (wgl) or the auto-digested reishi g. lingzhi (awgl) for three weeks.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] recently anti-cancer bioactive components from some mushrooms have been isolated and their anti-cancer effects have been tested.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] a greater reduction in cancer risk associated with mushroom diet rich in fungus polysaccharides is generally accepted.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] these data suggest that inhibition of growth in tumor cells by "mycochemicals" in shiitake mushrooms may result from induction of apoptosis.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] meanwhile, edible pleurotus abalonus as a member of abalone mushroom family is a popular nutritional supplement that purportedly prevents cancer occurrence.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] pleurotus ferulae, a typical edible medicinal mushroom in xinjiang china, has also been used to treat cancer patients in folk medicine.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] with similar content of putative effective anticancer compounds such as polysaccharides, proteoglycans, steroids, etc., one might predict that edible mushrooms would also demonstrate anticancer and cancer preventive activity.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] ganoderma lucidum (lingzhi or reishi) and agaricus brasiliensis are mushrooms that have long been used for medicinal purposes.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] usually lanostane-type triterpenoids from mushrooms had prospective for cancer disease treatments.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] ganoderma lucidum karst, also known as "reishi" or "lingzhi", is a mushroom.

Does taking a mushroom called reishi benefit cancer? [SEP] medicinal mushrooms are used in popular medicine largely as health promoters, mainly because of their antitumor and immunomodulatory activities. |||

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] in this study, the effect of aromatherapy using lavender (lavandula) essential oil on cesarean postoperative pain was assessed.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] conclusions: inhalation of lavender scent is effective in pain control in premature infants.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] the inhaled lavender essence may be used as a part of the multidisciplinary treatment of pain after cesarean section, but it is not recommended as the sole pain management.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] the results of this study confirmed aromatherapy with c. aurantium blossom oil as a simple, inexpensive, noninvasive, and effective intervention to reduce anxiety during labor.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] the use of essential oils of aromatic plants, or aromatherapy, is a non-invasive procedure that can decrease childbirth anxiety.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] pain is a major problem in patients after cesarean and medication such as aromatherapy which is a complementary therapy, in which the essences of the plants oils are used to reduce such undesirable conditions.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] the smell of lavender oil, known for its soothing effect on adults, has not been adequately investigated in regards to pain control in premature infants.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] research has shown that aromatherapy administered during labor reduces anxiety in mothers.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] anecdotal evidence suggests that some women find lavender oil effective at relieving some of the symptoms associated with perineal trauma following childbirth.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] the purpose of our study was to assign the effect of the scent of lavender oil on pain in preterm infants during heel lancing.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] while some studies have reported effectiveness of aromatherapy oils use during labour there is no reported evidence of efficacy or risks of aromatherapy oils use for pregnancy-related symptoms or conditions.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] aromatherapy is a noninvasive and effective method to help women overcome their anxiety during labor.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] the present study tried to determine the efficacy of aromatherapy with citrus aurantium oil in reducing anxiety during the first stage of labor.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] therefore, the use of aromatherapy with chamomile oil as a simple way without any side effects for the reduction of pain in mothers after cesarean section is recommended.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] lavender inhalation aromatherapy is widely believed to impart a hypnotic effect, act as a mood stabilizer, and enhance the positive feelings of mothers toward their infants.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] after cesarean, the lavender group inhaled about 3 drops of 10% lavender oil essence and the placebo group inhaled 3 drops of placebo after the start of postoperative pain, four, eight and 12 hours later, for 5 minutes from the 10 cm distance.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] this study was conducted to investigate the effect of aromatherapy using essential oil of orange on women's anxiety during labor.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] the study examined the practice of adding six drops of pure lavender oil to bath water daily for 10 days following childbirth to reduce perineal discomfort.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] a blind randomized clinical trial is described, involving three groups of mothers, one using pure lavender oil, one a synthetic lavender oil and one an inert substance as a bath additive for 10 days following normal childbirth.

Can labor pain during childbirth be relieved by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] lavender oil inhalation was found to reduce pain and anxiety during trigger point injection and to improve patient comfort, but it did not affect the saliva cortisol level. |||

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] the use of essential oils of aromatic plants, or aromatherapy, is a non-invasive procedure that can decrease childbirth anxiety.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] in this study, the effect of aromatherapy using lavender (lavandula) essential oil on cesarean postoperative pain was assessed.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] the results of this study confirmed aromatherapy with c. aurantium blossom oil as a simple, inexpensive, noninvasive, and effective intervention to reduce anxiety during labor.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] to examine the effects of aromatherapy for pain management in labour on maternal and perinatal morbidity.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] this review examined currently available evidence supporting the use of aromatherapy for pain management in labour.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] research has shown that aromatherapy administered during labor reduces anxiety in mothers.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] while some studies have reported effectiveness of aromatherapy oils use during labour there is no reported evidence of efficacy or risks of aromatherapy oils use for pregnancy-related symptoms or conditions.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] inhaling the scent of lavender for 4 weeks can prevent stress, anxiety, and depression after childbirth.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] the present study tried to determine the efficacy of aromatherapy with citrus aurantium oil in reducing anxiety during the first stage of labor.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] conclusions: inhalation of lavender scent is effective in pain control in premature infants.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] a blind randomized clinical trial is described, involving three groups of mothers, one using pure lavender oil, one a synthetic lavender oil and one an inert substance as a bath additive for 10 days following normal childbirth.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] lavender inhalation aromatherapy is widely believed to impart a hypnotic effect, act as a mood stabilizer, and enhance the positive feelings of mothers toward their infants.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] our study highlights a considerable use of aromatherapy oils by pregnant women.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] the inhaled lavender essence may be used as a part of the multidisciplinary treatment of pain after cesarean section, but it is not recommended as the sole pain management.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] anecdotal evidence suggests that some women find lavender oil effective at relieving some of the symptoms associated with perineal trauma following childbirth.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] randomised controlled trials comparing aromatherapy with placebo, no treatment or other non-pharmacological forms of pain management in labour.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] with regard to the specific biological conditions in postpartum period and the subsequent drop in hormone levels, this study investigated the effect of lavender on prevention of stress, anxiety, and postpartum depression in women.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] findings suggest that the oral administration of evening primrose oil from the 37th gestational week until birth does not shorten gestation or decrease the overall length of labor.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] after cesarean, the lavender group inhaled about 3 drops of 10% lavender oil essence and the placebo group inhaled 3 drops of placebo after the start of postoperative pain, four, eight and 12 hours later, for 5 minutes from the 10 cm distance.

Can the duration of childbirth be reduced by aromatherapy with lavender oil? [SEP] the study examined the practice of adding six drops of pure lavender oil to bath water daily for 10 days following childbirth to reduce perineal discomfort. |||

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] capsaicin, either as repeated application of a low dose (0.075%) cream, or a single application of a high dose (8%) patch may provide a degree of pain relief to some patients with painful neuropathic conditions.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] high-dose capsaicin patch is an effective treatment for pain associated with chemotherapy-induced neuropathy in patients treated with oxaliplatin.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] high-dose capsaicin patch is effective in treatment of neuropathic pain in hiv-associated neuropathy and diabetic neuropathy.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] we sought to determine the effectiveness of treatment of pain associated with chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy with high-dose capsaicin patch.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] for this reason, application of capsaicin to the skin has been used for a variety of painful syndromes.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] topical capsaicin has been introduced in the u.s. and canada as a cream indicated for temporary relief of neuralgia following episodes of herpes zoster infections and in the treatment of diabetic neuropathy.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] to review the evidence from controlled trials on the efficacy and tolerability of topically applied capsaicin in chronic neuropathic pain in adults.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] thus, these results support the long-lasting and inhibitory effects of topical capsaicin on persistent pain, and the clinic use of capsaicin as a pain therapy.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] capsaicin decreased sensitivity to pain produced by sharp mechanical stimuli and nearly eliminated heat-evoked pain within the injected area.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] to review the evidence from controlled trials on the efficacy and tolerability of topically applied low-concentration (< 1%) capsaicin in chronic neuropathic pain in adults.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] topical capsaicin (trans-b-methyl-n-vanillyl-noneamide) has been successful for pain relief in postherpetic neuralgia, arthritis, and diabetic neuropathy.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] as a topical agent, capsaicin reportedly blocks pain without otherwise impairing sensation.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] these results suggest that capsaicin cannot reduce inflammation but may play a helpful role in reducing pruritus in dogs.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] topical capsaicin therapy may be of benefit in providing pain relief in patients with peripheral neuropathy.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] the single application of high-concentration of capsaicin has been used as an analgesic therapy of persistent pain.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] randomised, double blind, placebo controlled studies of at least six weeks' duration, using topical capsaicin to treat neuropathic pain.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies of at least six weeks' duration, using low-concentration (< 1%) topical capsaicin to treat neuropathic pain.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] topical creams with capsaicin are used to treat pain from a wide range of chronic conditions including neuropathic pain.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] topical creams with capsaicin are used to treat pain from a wide range of chronic conditions including neuropathic pain.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain after shingles? [SEP] patients treated with the 0.625% cp and 0.075% capsaicin cream showed statistically significant improvements in pain after 6-weeks of test drug application. |||

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] high-dose capsaicin patch is effective in treatment of neuropathic pain in hiv-associated neuropathy and diabetic neuropathy.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] in the european union, the high-concentration capsaicin patch is licensed for the management of neuropathic pain conditions in nondiabetic patients, including postherpetic neuralgia (phn) and hiv-associated distal sensory polyneuropathy (hiv-dsp).

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] topical capsaicin (trans-b-methyl-n-vanillyl-noneamide) has been successful for pain relief in postherpetic neuralgia, arthritis, and diabetic neuropathy.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] the capsaicin 8% patch is a food and drug administration-approved treatment of neuropathic pain in postherpetic neuralgia and has demonstrated significant efficacy in human immunodeficiency virus-autonomic neuropathy.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] we report a placebo-controlled study of a high-concentration capsaicin dermal patch (ngx-4010) for the treatment of painful hiv-dsp.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] topical capsaicin is known to be a safe and effective pain management adjunct for rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, neuralgias, and diabetic neuropathy.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] this multicenter, controlled, randomized, double-masked clinical trial studied patients with hiv-associated dspn and compared measures of pain intensity, pain relief, sensory perception, quality of life, mood, and function for patients who received topical capsaicin to the corresponding measures for patients who received the vehicle only.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] capsaicin desensitizes cutaneous nociceptors resulting in reduced pain.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] these results suggest capsaicin is ineffective in relieving pain associated with hiv-associated dspn.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] we sought to determine the effectiveness of treatment of pain associated with chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy with high-dose capsaicin patch.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] capsaicin, either as repeated application of a low dose (0.075%) cream, or a single application of a high dose (8%) patch may provide a degree of pain relief to some patients with painful neuropathic conditions.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] 8% capsaicin patch can be a therapeutic strategy in the treatment of peripheral neuropathic pain.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] this study may provide a rationale for the use of capsaicin cream as a therapeutic drug for pain relief.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] this double-blind multicenter study randomized 307 patients with painful hiv-dsp to receive ngx-4010 or control, a low-concentration capsaicin patch.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] administration of the capsaicin 8% patch resulted in a significant relief of neuropathic pain and a significant improvement of the quality of life of patients with lumbosacral neuropathic pain.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] high-dose capsaicin patch is an effective treatment for pain associated with chemotherapy-induced neuropathy in patients treated with oxaliplatin.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] this study aims to (1) evaluate clinical efficacy and (2) tolerability of 8% capsaicin patch in a pain unit.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] prospective open-label study of capsaicin 8% patch in patients with lumbosacral pain.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] topical treatment with capsaicin cream has been shown to be successful in the treatment of different symptomatic nerve disorders like diabetic neuropathy.

Does a patch with high-dose capsaicin relieve pain in diabetes mellitus or infection with HIV? [SEP] topical capsaicin therapy may be of benefit in providing pain relief in patients with peripheral neuropathy. |||

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] several dietary exposures may increase the risk of cancer, while others may have a protective effect.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] a recent investigation by the world health organisation (who) has found that the consumption of processed meat and potentially red meat promotes carcinogenesis and can increase the risk of colorectal cancer.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] red and processed meat consumption has been strongly related to increase the risk of colorectal cancer (crc), although its impact is largely unknown.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] an increasing literature associates high intake of meat, especially red meat and processed meat with an increased risk of cancers, especially colorectal cancer.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] consumption of ultra-processed food has increased over the last decade in industrialized countries, and epidemiological studies have found associations between ultra-processed food consumption and chronic diseases.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] an increase in red and processed meat consumption was associated with an increased risk of developing colorectal cancer in the total population (hr for an increase of 50 g/day = 1.18 (1.01-1.37), p = 0.03).

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] the observed growth of cancer incidence in certain regions has been usually linked to frequent consumption of 'unhealthy' food.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] numerous epidemiological studies have demonstrated a link between excessive meat consumption and the incidence of various cancers, especially colorectal cancer, and it has been suggested that environmental carcinogens present in meat might be related to the increased risk of cancer associated with this food.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] our results strengthen the existing body of evidence supporting that red and processed meat consumption and heme iron intake are associated with an increased risk of overall and more specifically colorectal cancer, and suggest that anxiety modifies these associations, with an increased risk in anxious participants.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] investigations on the mechanisms by which food components contribute to either increase or decrease cancer risks therefore deserve priority, as their results would allow a quantitative evaluation of risks and of their preventability.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] ultra-processed food has low nutritional quality, is associated with development of chronic diseases, and may increase exposure to chemicals used in food packaging and production.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] carcinogenic effects in humans are ascribed to processed meat by organisations such as international agency for research on cancer, world cancer research fund and american institute for cancer research.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] our results indicate that the current consumption of beef, pork, lamb, chicken, and "chorizo", represents a relevant carcinogenic risk for consumers (carcinogenic risk quotient between 1.33 and 13.98).

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] red meat products, especially those that have been processed, have a wide variety of carcinogenic molecules known to increase the risk of colorectal cancer.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] there is epidemiologic evidence that the consumption of fried, grilled or barbecued meat and fish that are well-done or browned may be associated with an increased cancer risk.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] there is evidence that this risk may not be a function of meat per se, but may reflect high-fat intake, and/or carcinogens generated through various cooking and processing methods.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] red meat or meat-cooking methods such as frying and doneness level have been associated with an increased risk of colorectal and other cancers.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] some compounds that could affect the products' carcinogenic characteristics, alone or in combination, were evaluated and compared for 12 types of processed meat products, and we suggest subgrouping of processed meat with similar level of carcinogenic potential, which could improve the understanding of the cancer risk associated with processed meat intake in scientific human studies.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] these results are consistent with the hypothesis that carcinogenic compounds formed by high-temperature cooking techniques, such as heterocyclic amines and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, may contribute to the risk of developing colorectal tumors.

Does industrially highly processed food increase the risk of cancer? [SEP] there are multiple molecules present in red and processed meat with a potential carcinogenic effect on colorectal tissues. |||

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] propolis has been used for the management of oral mucositis in a number of studies.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] the result of the reviewed article showed that propolis is effective an agent that is used for multiple purpose in oral health.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] this study reviewed published articles on the efficacy of propolis for surgical wound healing, caries prevention, treatment of dentin hypersensitivity, treatment of aphthous ulcers and propolis as a storage medium for avulsed teeth, root canal irrigating solution and mouthwash.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] recently, propolis has been used by dentist to treat various oral diseases.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] the aim of this review is to discuss the growing evidence that propolis may, via a diverse array of biological actions, assist in the prevention of some inflammation-mediated pathologies including cardiovascular disease.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] the aim of this study was to review the studies about the role of propolis in improving dental and oral health.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] in addition, propolis and its components have anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory activities.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] recently, immunoregulatory and anti-inflammatory properties of propolis have been published.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] as propolis is a natural resinous substance traditionally used to maintain oral cavity and upper respiratory tract health due to its antimicrobial and anti-inflammatory properties, the aim of this study is to evaluate the efficacy of an oral spray based on poplar-type propolis extract with a known and standardized polyphenol content, on the remission of the symptoms associated with mild uncomplicated urtis.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] there has been some evidence indicating that propolis may be a candidate for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease (ibd) because of its potent antioxidant properties and ability to modulate immune response and gut microbiome.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] propolis from south sulawesi, indonesia could suppressed the expression of il-6 on inflamed rat dental pulp tissue.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] propolis may also be involved in the modulation of the gut microbiota and in the improvement of the intestinal mucosal barrier function.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] the objective of this systematic review was to investigate the role of propolis in the treatment of ibd, emphasizing possible mechanisms underlying the anti-inflammatory properties of it.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] the efficacy of propolis in the treatment of ibd might be attributed to its potent antioxidants and anti-inflammatory activities.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] according to the studies examined in this review, the administration of propolis can be useful in attenuating many aspects of clinical, macroscopic, and histological features of colitis in animal models.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] it seems that propolis mouthwash is an effective and safe medication for alleviation of oral mucositis and dysphagia in patients under head and neck radiotherapy.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] this study reviewed the published articles regarding the applications of propolis in dentistry.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] objective: to analyse the expression of il-6 on inflamed rat dental pulp tissue following application of propolis.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] propolis is a potent anti-microbial and natural anti-inflammatory by-product obtained from the beehive.

Does propolis have a healing or soothing effect on inflammation in the mouth (in otherwise healthy people)? [SEP] propolis is a bee product used in folk medicine to improve health and prevent inflammatory diseases. |||

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] as part of the new england children's amalgam trial, a randomized trial involving 6- to 10-year-old children, we evaluated the hypothesis that restoration of caries using dental amalgam resulted in worse psychosocial outcomes than restoration using mercury-free composite resin.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] our goal was to compare the neuropsychological function of children, without prior exposure to dental amalgam, whose caries were repaired using either dental amalgam or mercury-free composite materials.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] the new england children's amalgam trial found that children randomized to amalgam had better psychosocial outcomes than those assigned to composites for posterior tooth restorations.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] using secondary analysis of a randomized clinical safety trial of amalgam vs. composites, we tested the hypothesis that dental restoration materials affect children's growth.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] although it is possible that very small iq effects cannot be ruled out, these findings suggest that the health effects of amalgam restorations in children need not be the basis of treatment decisions when choosing restorative dental materials.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] to compare the neuropsychological and renal function of children whose dental caries were restored using amalgam or mercury-free materials.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] dental amalgam restorations provide a potential source for mercury (hg) exposure in children.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] children 6-10 years of age (n = 534) with two or more posterior teeth with caries but no prior amalgam restorations, were randomized to one of two treatments--amalgam or resin composite (white fillings)--used for caries treatment during 5 years of follow-up.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] in our study, urinary hg levels was examined in children of age 8-18 years, with and without dental amalgam fillings, from a completed clinical trial (parent study) that was designed to evaluate the potential health consequences of prolonged exposure to hg from dental amalgam fillings.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] in this study, there were no statistically significant differences in adverse neuropsychological or renal effects observed over the 5-year period in children whose caries were restored using dental amalgam or composite materials.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] overall, there were no significant differences in physical development over 5 years in children treated with composites or amalgam.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] a total of 534 children aged 6 to 10 years at baseline with no prior amalgam restorations and 2 or more posterior teeth with caries were randomly assigned to receive dental restoration of baseline and incident caries during a 5-year follow-up period using either amalgam (n=267) or resin composite (n =267) materials.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] the objective of this study was to examine whether greater exposure to dental composites is associated with psychosocial problems in children.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] children (n = 218 boys, n = 256 girls) aged 6 to 10 yrs at baseline with ≥ 2 decayed posterior teeth were randomized to amalgam or composites (bisphenol-a-diglycidyl-dimethacrylate composite for permanent teeth, urethane-dimethacrylate compomer for primary teeth) for treatment of posterior caries throughout follow-up.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] greater exposure to bisgma-based dental composite restorations was associated with impaired psychosocial function in children, whereas no adverse psychosocial outcomes were observed with greater urethane dimethacrylate-based compomer or amalgam treatment levels.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] a concern persists that children's exposure to mercury vapor from dental amalgams produces neurotoxicity.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] exposure to elemental mercury in amalgam at the levels experienced by the children who participated in the trial did not result in significant effects on neuropsychological function within the 5-year follow-up period.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] this clinical study was undertaken to compare a composite resin, containing a modified filler, with a dental amalgam alloy in class ii restorations.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] no evidence was found that exposure to mercury from dental amalgams was associated with adverse psychosocial outcomes over the five-year period following initial placement of amalgams.

Do amalgam fillings affect the mental development of school children compared to plastic dental fillings? [SEP] the aim of this study was to compare the marginal breakdown as a measure of clinical behavior of fillings made with two conventional amalgam alloys, one of which contained 1% stannous fluoride. |||

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] these findings reveal the therapeutic potential of curcumin as a preventive agent upon the deterioration of cognitive faculties.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] recent studies show that curcumin also possesses neuroprotective and cognitive-enhancing properties that may help delay or prevent neurodegenerative diseases, including alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] in vitro studies have shown that aβ metabolism is altered by curcumin, and animal studies report that curcumin may influence brain function and the development of dementia, because of its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, as well as its ability to influence aβ metabolism.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] curcumin appears to be more effective in improving cognitive function in the elderly than in improving symptoms of ad and schizophrenia.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] curcumin is a polyphenolic natural compound with diverse and attractive biological activities, which may prevent or ameliorate pathological processes underlying age-related cognitive decline, dementia, or mood disorders.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] curcumin was reported to have beneficial effect against several neurodegenerative disorders including alzheimer's disease.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] it may be concluded that, curcumin supplementation improves cognitive functions by decreasing the lipid peroxidation in brain tissue of aged female rats.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] curcumin, a potent antioxidant polyphenol with neuroprotective and antiamyloid activities, has significant potential in the treatment of neurodegenerative disorders such as alzheimer's disease.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] curcumin, a dietary polyphenol, has shown a potential to act on the symptoms of neurodegenerative disorders, including alzheimer's and parkinson's diseases, as a consequence of its antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and anti-protein aggregation properties.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] the purpose of the present study was to investigate the effects of curcumin supplementation on cognitive impairment evaluated by morris water maze (mwm) as well as the oxidative stress induced by aging in female rats.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] we hypothesized that curcumin would have an influence on cognitive functions in aged female rats.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] a number of neuroprotective effects of curcumin have been demonstrated in recent years.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] for older adults who received curcumin, scores on measures of cognitive function (smd = 0.33, 95% confidence interval [ci] ; p = 0.02), occurrence of adverse events (odds ratio [or] = 5.59, 95% ci ; p = 0.05), and measures of depression (smd = -0.29, 95% ci ; p = 0.09) indicated significant memory improvement.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] the aim of this review is to meta-analytically assess the effectiveness of curcumin for cognitive function in different types of people.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] however, whether curcumin exerts any beneficial effects on age-related impaired cognition and memory has not been well characterized; nor was there any detailed data on the molecular pathways activated by curcumin.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] curcumin has anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties and has been widely used to treat or prevent neurodegenerative diseases.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] therefore, curcumin could be a potential therapeutic agent for inflammation-driven neurodegenerative disorders like pd, and its neuroprotective role should be explored further.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] the results showed that chronic administration of curcumin (50mg/kg, i.p., 21 days) significantly ameliorated the memory acquisition ability of aged male mice in the novel object recognition and passive avoidance tasks.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] therefore, the present study was conducted in order to explore the possible role of curcumin against d-galactose-induced cognitive dysfunction, oxidative damage, and mitochondrial dysfunction in mice.

Does curcumin protect healthy people from mental impairment or even from developing dementia? [SEP] the aim of this paper is to review the current evidence supporting an association between curcumin and modulation of ad pathology, including in vitro and in vivo studies. |||

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] these findings reveal the therapeutic potential of curcumin as a preventive agent upon the deterioration of cognitive faculties.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] curcumin was reported to have beneficial effect against several neurodegenerative disorders including alzheimer's disease.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] however, whether curcumin exerts any beneficial effects on age-related impaired cognition and memory has not been well characterized; nor was there any detailed data on the molecular pathways activated by curcumin.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] a number of neuroprotective effects of curcumin have been demonstrated in recent years.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] taken together, the results of the present study suggest that the amelioration of memory deficits by curcumin in aged mice was mediated, at least in part, by activating the nnos activity in specific brain regions.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] the present study attempts to investigate the effects of curcumin on memory decline of aged mice with a focus upon the possible contribution of the neuronal nitric oxide synthase (nnos)/nitric oxide (no) pathway in the memory amelioration effect of curcumin.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] the results showed that chronic administration of curcumin (50mg/kg, i.p., 21 days) significantly ameliorated the memory acquisition ability of aged male mice in the novel object recognition and passive avoidance tasks.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] in this review, we examine the evidence for dietary plants and their chemical constituents as nutraceuticals, relevant to both cognitive decline in normal ageing and in dementia.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] therefore, the present study was conducted in order to explore the possible role of curcumin against d-galactose-induced cognitive dysfunction, oxidative damage, and mitochondrial dysfunction in mice.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] the present study was designed to assess the effect of curcumin against colchicine-induced cognitive dysfunction and oxidative stress in rats and compare it with rivastigmine.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] in conclusion, the present study highlights the therapeutic potential of curcumin against d-galactose induced senescence in mice.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] curcumin (15 and 30 mg/kg) and galantamine (5 mg/kg) treatment for 6 weeks significantly improved cognitive tasks, locomotor activity, oxidative defense, and restored mitochondrial enzyme complex activity as compared to control (d-galactose).

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] furthermore, inhibition of nnos synthase by 7-ni also prevented the memory improvement effects of curcumin in aged mice.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] treatment in the stages of mci may delay the deterioration of cognitive impairment and delay the progression to dementia.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] reducing progression of cognitive decline at the mci stage could be an important strategy for preventing conversion to dementia.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] immunoblotting revealed that chronic treatment of curcumin increased nnos expression in the prefrontal cortex, amygdala and hippocampus, as well as the enhancement of nnos activity and no concentration.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] therefore development of non-pharmacological approaches to prevent, or at least delay the onset and progression of dementia is urgently needed.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] chronic administration of curcumin significantly reduced the elevated lipid peroxidation, restored the reduced glutathione levels and ache activity; however, rivastigmine failed to prevent oxidative stress.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] the clinical significance of this condition is its possible progression to dementia.

Does curcumin protect people with already diagnosed dementia from further decline in mental abilities??? [SEP] dementia affects cognitive functioning, physical functioning, activities of daily living (adls), and quality of life (qol). |||

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] these foods help to restore the natural gastric balance and function, curb acid reflux, aid digestion, reduce the burning sensation due to hyperacidity and soothe the inflamed mucosa of the stomach.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] in this review, we focus on latest studies of these food-derived ingredients for their proposed preventive and therapeutic roles in gastrointestinal disorders, with the attempt of drawing evidence-based suggestions on consuming these products.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] the ability of antacids and cholestyramine to bind bile acids is therefore potentially valuable in the treatment of reflux gastritis.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] since treatment with h2-receptor antagonists has provided symptomatic relief in some reports, we carried out the present study to investigate whether gastric acid is responsible for symptoms in these patients.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] colitis was induced by intracolonic instillation of 4% acetic acid; the control group received physiological saline (10mlkg(-1)).

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] the ability of antacids and cholestyramine to remove bile acids from gastric juice, hepatic bile, and solutions of commercially available bile acids was investigated in vitro over a ph range likely to occur in the stomach.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] the dietary effect on gut health has long been recognized through the empirical practice of soothing gastric discomfort with certain types of food, and recently the correlation between specific diets with lower incidences of several gastrointestinal diseases has been revealed.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] effective digestion must strike a balance between the secretion of caustic acids and the maintenance of the mucosal epithelium.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] the ph of the test samples and their neutralizing effect on artificial gastric acid was determined and compared with that of water, the active control sodium bicarbonate and a marketed antacid preparation eno.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] the present study evaluates and compares the antacid effect of broccoli, kale, radish, cucumber, lemon juice, cold milk and curd in an artificial stomach model.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] we investigated the effect of a colonic-delivery formulation of butyrate on the fecal microbiota of patients with inflammatory bowel diseases (ibds).

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] butyrate has shown anti-inflammatory and regenerative properties, providing symptomatic relief when orally supplemented in patients suffering from various colonic diseases.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] antacid-loaded biopolymer microgels can be used to control the acidity of the gastric fluids, which may be useful for developing functional foods to treat these problems.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] although antibiotics play a key role in the eradication of h pylori infections, adding supplements appears to offer an edge in supporting overall gastric health.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] the use of nutrients for pharmacotherapy is a recent advance in the treatment of gastrointestinal disorders or alterations of gut function and structure.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] sodium-butyrate altered the gut microbiota of ibd patients by increasing bacteria able to produce scfa in uc patients (lachnospiraceae spp.)

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] a modified model of vatier's artificial stomach was used to determine the duration of consistent neutralization of artificial gastric acid by the test samples.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] recent data suggest that acid suppressive medications may alter factors central to the pathophysiology of inflammatory bowel diseases (ibd), whether through shifts in the intestinal microbiome due to acid suppression or effects on immune function.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] in this double-blind, placebo-controlled, pilot study, 49 ibd patients (n = 19 crohn's disease, cd and n = 30 ulcerative colitis, uc) were randomized to oral administration of microencapsulated-sodium-butyrate (blm) or placebo for 2 months, in addition to conventional therapy.

Do preparations with humic acids help with diseases or complaints of the stomach and intestines? [SEP] atractylodin, a widely used herbal medicine, is used to treat digestive disorders. |||

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] this study represents the first attempt to identify and characterize the fungal pathogens associated with black foot disease of grapevines in british columbia (bc).

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] grapefruit juice had higher total phenol and flavonoid contents than shaddock juice, while both juices inhibited ace activity in a dose-dependent manner.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] conferred greater promotion effects in grape metabolic re-shaping, compared to other used fungal strains.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] these results suggest that resveratrol could be employed as a therapeutic agent to treat fungal infections of humans.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] the aim of this study was to elucidate whether grape-associated fungi exert an influence on gushing by their production of surface-active compounds.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] in the rest of the samples, black foot fungi were found to primarily coexist with fungal taxa associated with petri disease of grapevines.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] a variety of plant products have been recognized for their antifungal activity and recently have attracted food industry attention for their efficacy in controlling postharvest fungal decay of fruits.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] were the sole fungi isolated from symptomatic tissue.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] grapefruit (citrus paradisii) and shaddock (citrus maxima) juices are used in folk medicine for the management of hypertension and other cardiovascular diseases, but the mechanism of action by which they exert their therapeutic action is unclear.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] ε-viniferin also exhibited a low antifungal activity against b. cinerea.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate the effect of grapefruit and shaddock juices on angiotensin-1-converting enzyme (ace) activity in vitro and the hypocholesterolemic properties of the juices in rats fed a high-cholesterol diet.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] the accumulation of geosmin in grapes is caused by the interaction of botrytis cinerea and penicillium expansum.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] methanolic and ethanolic crude extracts of vitis vinifera canes exhibited significant antifungal activity against the three major fungal pathogens affecting grapevines, plasmopara viticola, erysiphe necator and botrytis cinerea.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] grifola frondosa is an edible fungus with a variety of potential pharmacological activities.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] grapevine (vitis spp) is susceptible to serious fungal diseases usually controlled by chemical treatments.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] in preliminary experiments, 58 grape-associated isolates of species within penicillium and aspergillus genera were tested for their ability to modify the surface activity of culture supernatants.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] diatrypaceous fungi have been isolated from cankered wood of grapevines (vitis vinifera) in california.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] fungal inoculations promoted the content of reducing sugar (rs), total flavonoids (tf), total phenols (tph), trans-resveratrol (res) and activities of phenylalanine ammonia-lyase (pal), in both leaves and berries of grapevine.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] black foot disease of grapevines, caused by several fungal species in the genera campylocarpon, cylindrocarpon, cylindrocladiella, and ilyonectria, causes significant economic losses to the grapevine industry worldwide.

Does an extract from grapefruit seeds work against fungal diseases such as athlete's foot or nail fungus? [SEP] this suggests that d. oregonensis and d. verrucaeformis fungi may be saprophytic rather than pathogenic to grapevine. |||

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] to investigate if standardised powder made from rose-hip (rosa canina) can reduce the symptom score in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] to examine the evidence suggesting that standardised rosehip powder may be a viable replacement or supplement for conventional therapies used in inflammatory diseases such as arthritis.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] in particular, the rose hip powder and extract have been reported to exert therapeutic effects on arthritis.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] a previously published systematic review and a metaanalysis have concluded that the consumption of standardized rose hip powder (rosa canina l.) can reduce pain in osteoarthritis patients.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] rose hip powder (rhp) alleviates osteoarthritis (oa) due to its anti-inflammatory and cartilage-protective properties.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] the results indicate that patients with ra may benefit from additional treatment with rose hip powder.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] a meta-analysis of three randomised controlled trials involving 287 patients with a median treatment period of 3 months reported that treatment with standardised rosehip powder consistently reduced pain scores and that patients allocated to rosehip powder were twice as likely to respond to rosehip compared to placebo.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] in a double-blind placebo-controlled trial, patients with rheumatoid arthritis (ra) according to ara/acr criteria were randomised to treatment with capsulated rose-hip powder 5g daily or matching placebo for 6 months at two outpatient clinics in berlin and copenhagen.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] in this open case-control study 20 female patients with ra and 10 female controls were given 10.5 g rose hip powder daily (litozin®) for 28 days.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] the results of the present study indicate that a daily amount of approximately 10 g rose hip powder for one month has no anti-inflammatory and/or antioxidant effect.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] significant improvement in gad symptoms was found with r. rosea, with a reduction in hars scores similar to that found in clinical trials.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] this powder has demonstrated antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activity as well as clinical benefits in conditions such as osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and inflammatory bowel disease.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] the genus rosa (roses) has long been used in traditional or folk medicine worldwide for the treatment of various types of arthritis including rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] rosa centifolia l. (rosaceae) have been used for the treatment of joint pain and rheumatoid arthritis (ra) in the traditional system of medicine.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] rose hip (rosa canina) has been used as an herbal remedy against a wide range of ailments including inflammatory disorders.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] rosehips - which contain a particular type of galactolipid - have a specific antiinflammatory action.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] the aim of the present study was to compare powdered rose hip with and without fruits (rosae pseudofructus cum/sine fructibus, rosa canina l., rosaceae) with regard to their phytochemical profile and their in vitro anti-inflammatory and radical-scavenging properties.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] recent studies demonstrated that r. rosea had anti-inflammatory activity in animal models, for example, carrageenan- and nystatin-induced edema in rats, possibly by inhibiting phospholipase a2 and cyclooxygenases-1 and -2.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] thus it could be relevant to investigate if rose hip had an anti-inflammatory and/or antioxidant effect in this situation.

Does taking rosehip powder for rheumatoid arthritis improve symptoms? [SEP] in contrast to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and aspirin, rosehip has antiinflammatory actions that do not have ulcerogenic effects and do not inhibit platelets nor influence the coagulation cascade or fibrinolysis. |||

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] in this study population, standardized rose-hip powder reduced symptoms of osteoarthritis, as 64.6% of patients reported at least some reduction of pain while receiving treatment.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] standardized rose-hip powder may improve hip flexion and reduce pain in patients with osteoarthritis.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] a previously published systematic review and a metaanalysis have concluded that the consumption of standardized rose hip powder (rosa canina l.) can reduce pain in osteoarthritis patients.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] clinical studies have shown that rose hip powder (rhp) alleviates osteoarthritis (oa).

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] the aim of this study was to assess the impact of standardized rose-hip powder on mobility of the hip and knee joints, activities of daily living, quality of life, and pain in patients with osteoarthritis.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] rose hip powder (rhp) alleviates osteoarthritis (oa) due to its anti-inflammatory and cartilage-protective properties.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] to examine the evidence suggesting that standardised rosehip powder may be a viable replacement or supplement for conventional therapies used in inflammatory diseases such as arthritis.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] in particular, the rose hip powder and extract have been reported to exert therapeutic effects on arthritis.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] daily intake of rose-hip powder for four weeks by healthy volunteers and patients suffering from osteoarthritis, resulted in reduced serum c-reactive protein (crp) levels and reduced chemotaxis of peripheral blood neutrophils.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] the aim of this study was to determine whether a herbal remedy made from a subspecies of rose-hip (rosa canina) might reduce symptoms of osteoarthritis and consumption of rescue medication in patients suffering from osteoarthritis.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] the results indicate that rose-hip possesses anti-inflammatory properties and might be used as a replacement or supplement for conventional drug therapies in patients with osteoarthritis.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] to investigate if standardised powder made from rose-hip (rosa canina) can reduce the symptom score in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] a standardized rose-hip powder produced from the seeds and husks of fruit from a subtype of rosa canina has been reported to inhibit leukocyte functions that cause cell injury in osteoarthritis.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] a meta-analysis of three randomised controlled trials involving 287 patients with a median treatment period of 3 months reported that treatment with standardised rosehip powder consistently reduced pain scores and that patients allocated to rosehip powder were twice as likely to respond to rosehip compared to placebo.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] the results indicate that patients with ra may benefit from additional treatment with rose hip powder.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] the data suggest that the present herbal remedy can alleviate symptoms of osteoarthritis and reduce the consumption of 'rescue medication'.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] this powder has demonstrated antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activity as well as clinical benefits in conditions such as osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and inflammatory bowel disease.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] the objective of this study was to investigate whether the clinically observed efficacy of rose hip in the treatment of osteoarthritis is due to inhibition of cyclooxygenase-1 and -2.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] the present study was undertaken to evaluate whether rose-oxide (ro) has anti-inflammatory properties and to investigate possible mechanisms involved with its effects.

Does taking rosehip powder for osteoarthritis alleviate the symptoms??? [SEP] rose-hip resulted in a significant reduction in womac pain (p<0.014) as compared to placebo, when testing after 3 weeks of treatment. |||

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] originally, prenatal genetic testing focused primarily on down syndrome (trisomy 21), but now it is able to detect a broad range of genetic disorders.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] originally, prenatal genetic testing focused primarily on down syndrome (trisomy 21), but now it is able to detect a broad range of genetic disorders.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] a primary goal of amniocentesis is the detection of trisomy 21 (down syndrome- ds) in the fetus.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] we report a case of fetal down syndrome due to an isochromosome 21q detected after maternal serum screening using alpha-fetoprotein and human chorionic gonadotropin indicated an increased risk for fetal down syndrome in a 19-year-old pregnant woman.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] prenatal detection of fetal down syndrome has important implications not only for management of the current pregnancy, but also for recurrence risk counseling for future pregnancies.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] this paper concerns the prediction of fetal down's syndrome in pregnant women.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] prenatal screening and diagnosis of down's syndrome is important to any pregnant woman interested in the health of her fetus and is of particular concern to the growing number of advanced maternal age women who are at increased risk of an affected pregnancy.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] this confirms that maternal serum screening can detect fetal down syndrome due to rare chromosome rearrangements and illustrates the importance of cytogenetic studies for provision of appropriate genetic counseling.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] this study was conducted to determine whether genetic sonography of fetuses considered to be at moderate risk (1:190-1:1000) after maternal triple-marker screening increases the detection for trisomy 21, is cost-effective, and reduces the number of amniocenteses required to detect a single fetus with trisomy 21.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] this study investigates whether first-trimester screening for trisomy 21 by fetal nuchal translucency thickness preferentially identifies those fetuses destined to die in utero and examines the potential impact of such a method of screening on the live birth incidence of trisomy 21.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] this review summarizes the characteristic sonographic findings associated with an increased risk of a fetus having trisomy 21.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] down syndrome (trisomy 21) is the most common chromosomal abnormality among liveborn infants in the united states, with an incidence of 1/700 to 1/1000 births.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] trisomy 21 is one of the most common chromosomal defects diagnosed prenatally.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] prenatal diagnosis was performed in a woman whose previous pregnancy resulted in a girl with probable down syndrome who died soon after delivery.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate the possible effect of fetal gender in first trimester down's syndrome screening markers.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] we elaborate two predictive functions of trisomy 21, combining maternal age and a maternal serum marker.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] a strong association of human chorionic gonadotropin (hcg) and down syndrome was reported.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] trisomy 21, or down syndrome, is the most common serious autosomal chromosome aberration in which affected individuals survive beyond infancy.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] first-semester screening with additional nb assessment significantly increases the detection rate for trisomy 21 and decreases the rate of false-positive results.

Can the genetic blood test for Down syndrome (trisomy 21) predict whether the unborn child is affected - in pregnant women at increased risk? [SEP] more recently, the use of maternal serum markers in the second trimester of pregnancy to predict the risk of trisomy 21 for women under the age of 35 has received intensive analysis. |||

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] these findings suggest that r. rosea hre could be of value for modulating reactivity to acute mild stress.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] the objective was to investigate the effect of repeated doses of a r. rosea hydroethanolic root extract (hre) on hypothalamic pituitary adrenal response in a murine model of acute mild stress and also the mechanisms involved.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] currently r. rosea roots and rhizome are classified as a traditional herbal medicinal product for temporary relief of symptoms of stress, such as fatigue and sensation of weakness by the european medicines agency.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] rhodiola rosea extract is one of the most common herbal treatment for stress.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] the reported capacity of r. rosea to strengthen the organism against stress and its good tolerability offer a promising approach in the treatment of stress-related burnout.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] rhodiola rosea has been extensively used to improve physical and mental performance and to protect against stress.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] rhodiola rosea (r. rosea), a botanical of both western and traditional chinese medicine, has been used as a folk remedy for improving stamina and reducing stress.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] in the acute mild stress model used, r. rosea hre decreased corticosterone level and increased expression of stress-responsive genes, especially in the hippocampus and prefrontal cortex.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] (family rosaceae) alleviates endurance exercise-induced stress by decreasing oxidative stress levels.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] rhodiola rosea l. roots and rhizome extracts are active ingredients in adaptogenic herbal medicinal products (hmp) and dietary supplements for temporary relief of symptoms of stress, such as fatigue and weakness.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] the results presented provide an encouraging basis for clinical trials further investigating the clinical outcomes of r. rosea extract in patients with the burnout syndrome.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] r. rosea extract has a stimulating effect on the cns, suggesting potential benefits on cognitive functions, memory, learning, and attention.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] this work expands the knowledge of the intracellular mechanisms involved in r. rosea anti-stress activity and may be useful for the study of other adaptogen drugs.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] rhodiola rosea l., or 'golden root', is a popular plant in traditional medicine in eastern europe and asia, with a reputation for improving depression, enhancing work performance, eliminating fatigue and treating symptoms of asthenia subsequent to intense physical and psychological stress.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] in addition the pronounced stress-protective properties of rhodiola rosea l. could also play a role in the improvement of cognitive functions.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] the aim of this work was thus to determine whether in rats an hydroalcoholic r. rosea extract standardized in 3% rosavin and 1% salidroside (rho) reverses hypophagia induced by (1) physical stress due to 60 min immobilization; (2) intracerebroventricular injection of corticotrophin-releasing factor (crf, 0.2 microg/rat), the major mediator of stress responses in mammals; (3) intraperitoneal injection of escherichia coli lipopolysaccharide (lps, 100 microg/kg); (4) intraperitoneal administration of fluoxetine (flu, 8 mg/kg).

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] rose oil may be a useful treatment for depression because it contains flavonoids which include free radical antioxidant compounds such as rutin and quercetin.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] rhodiola rosea l. is one of the most popular adaptogen and anti-stress plants in european and asiatic traditional medicine.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] in conclusion, experimental depression is associated with elevated oxidative stress while treatment with rose oil vapor induced protective effects on oxidative stress in depression.

Do preparations with rose root have an effect against stress and its consequences, e.g. exhaustion? [SEP] the results show that this r. rosea extract significantly, but not dose-dependently, induced antidepressant-like, adaptogenic, anxiolytic-like and stimulating effects in mice. |||

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] a new microwave procedure for treatment of axillary hyperhidrosis has been tested.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] a third-generation microwave-based device has been developed to treat axillary hyperhidrosis by selectively heating the interface between the skin and underlying fat where the sweat glands reside.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] the results demonstrate that microwave technology is well suited for targeting sweat glands while allowing for protection of both the upper skin layers and the structures beneath the subcutaneous fat.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] the objective if this study was to compare microwave ablation (ma), botulinum toxin (bt) injection, and liposuction-curettage (lc) in the treatment of primary axillary hyperhidrosis based on subjective and objective criteria.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] this report presents a technical overview of a new noninvasive, microwave-based device for creating thermolysis of sweat glands.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] to undertake a systematic review of the clinical effectiveness and safety of treatments available in secondary care for the management of primary hyperhidrosis.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] thermal nd:yag lasers used with an interstitial fiber, microwave devices, and photodynamic therapy appear to offer new treatment options for axillary hyperhidrosis.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] in this study, we report the efficacy of direct current (d.c.) administration in the treatment of idiopathic hyperhidrosis.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] hyperhidrosis is uncontrollable excessive sweating, which occurs at rest, regardless of temperature.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] multiple therapies are available for the treatment of hyperhidrosis.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] various surgical and nonsurgical therapies exist for primary hyperhidrosis.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] hyperhidrosis is uncontrollable excessive sweating that occurs at rest, regardless of temperature.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] hyperhidrosis is a the disorder of excessive sweating in certain regions of the body.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] background hyperhidrosis is a dysfunction of the autonomic nervous system that results in regional excessive sweating, mostly in the hands, armpits, and feet.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] hyperhidrosis is a dermatological condition defined by excessive sweating beyond thermoregulatory needs with significant effects on patients' quality of life.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] we report the safety and effectiveness up to 90 days after treating excessive sweating with percutaneous radiofrequency when using a standardized protocol.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] hyperhidrosis is a disorder of excessive sweating beyond what is expected for thermoregulatory needs and environmental conditions.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] hyperhidrosis refers to excessive and uncontrollable sweating beyond that is required to return body temperature to normal.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] hyperhidrosis is a pathologic condition of excessive sweating in amounts greater than physiologic needs.

Is microwave therapy effective and safe for long-term reduction of excessive sweating (primary hyperhidrosis) in adults? [SEP] we tested the primary hypothesis that radiofrequency therapy is independently associated with decreased palmar hyperhidrosis and compared results for patients receiving this treatment with patients who underwent surgical sympathectomy. |||

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] both active topical comfrey formulations were effective in relieving pain and stiffness and in improving physical functioning and were superior to placebo in those with primary osteoarthritis of the knee without serious adverse effects.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] this paper provides information on clinical trials and non-interventional studies published on comfrey to date and further literature, substantiating the fact that topical comfrey preparations are a valuable therapy option for the treatment of painful muscle and joint complaints.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] today, multiple randomized controlled trials have demonstrated the efficacy and safety of comfrey preparations for the topical treatment of pain, inflammation and swelling of muscles and joints in degenerative arthritis, acute myalgia in the back, sprains, contusions and strains after sports injuries and accidents, also in children aged 3 or 4 and over.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] this study compared the efficacy of an herbal ointment to a placebo ointment in relieving the pain and stiffness of osteoarthritis.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] comfrey root extract has been used for the topical treatment of painful muscle and joint complaints.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] comfrey anti-inflammatory and analgesic properties have been proven in clinical studies.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] in a double-blind, multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled, group comparison study on patients suffering from unilateral acute ankle sprains (n = 142, mean age 31.8 years, 78.9% male), the percutaneous efficacy of an ointment of comfrey extract (kytta-salbe f, four treatments per day for 8 days) was confirmed decisively.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to determine the effect of 2 concentrations of topical, comfrey-based botanical creams containing a blend of tannic acid and eucalyptus to a eucalyptus reference cream on pain, stiffness, and physical functioning in those with primary osteoarthritis of the knee.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] topical administration of curcumin 5% ointment can significantly reduce knee pain in older adults with knee osteoarthritis.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] repeated-measures analyses of variance yielded significant differences in all of the western ontario and macmaster universities osteoarthritis index categories (pain p < .01, stiffness p < .01, daily function p < .01), confirming that the 10% and 20% comfrey-based creams were superior to the reference cream.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] comfrey root preparations are used for the external treatment of joint distortions and myalgia, due to its analgesic and anti-inflammatory properties.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] this study aimed to investigate the effect of curcumin ointment on knee pain in older adults with osteoarthritis.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] some studies have shown the effect of oral administration of curcumin on knee pain.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] an herbal ointment was shown to be effective in relieving the pain and stiffness of osteoarthritis without adverse effects.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] symphytum officinale, commonly known as comfrey, constitutes a traditional medicinal plant with a long-standing therapeutic history, and preparations thereof have been widely used for the treatment of painful muscle and joint complaints, wound and bone healing, and inflammation.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] several randomised trials suggest that acupuncture is more effective than no treatment in patients with painful chronic knee osteoarthritis or chronic low back pain.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] comfrey (symphytum officinale l.) root is traditionally used for the topical treatment of contusions, strains and sprains.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] it is clinically proven to relieve pain, inflammation and swelling of muscles and joints in the case of degenerative arthritis, acute myalgia in the back, sprains, contusions and strains after sports injuries and accidents, also in children aged 3 years and older.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] curcumin ointment can be used as an alternative treatment in older adults with knee pain associated with osteoarthritis.

Does ointment with comfrey help against back pain and knee pain better than a placebo? [SEP] comfrey (symphytum officinale l.) is a medicinal plant with anti-inflammatory, analgesic and tissue regenerating properties. |||

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] in a double-blind, multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled, group comparison study on patients suffering from unilateral acute ankle sprains (n = 142, mean age 31.8 years, 78.9% male), the percutaneous efficacy of an ointment of comfrey extract (kytta-salbe f, four treatments per day for 8 days) was confirmed decisively.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] today, multiple randomized controlled trials have demonstrated the efficacy and safety of comfrey preparations for the topical treatment of pain, inflammation and swelling of muscles and joints in degenerative arthritis, acute myalgia in the back, sprains, contusions and strains after sports injuries and accidents, also in children aged 3 or 4 and over.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] this paper provides information on clinical trials and non-interventional studies published on comfrey to date and further literature, substantiating the fact that topical comfrey preparations are a valuable therapy option for the treatment of painful muscle and joint complaints.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] this prospective, multicentre, randomised, blinded, active-control and non-inferiority study involved 449 physically active adults sustaining unilateral grade 1 or 2 ankle sprain within the past 24 h. participants were randomised to receive 2 g of traumeel ointment (t-o) (n = 152) or traumeel gel (t-g) (n = 150) or diclofenac gel (d-g) (n = 147), administered topically to the ankle three times a day for 14 days, with 6-weeks follow up.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] to evaluate whether acupressure therapy can improve ankle sprain recovery compared with standard rice (rest, ice, compression, and elevation) treatment.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] acute ankle sprains are common and activity limiting injuries, and topical diclofenac gel has proven efficacy in alleviating pain and restoring function.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] previous reports suggest that acupressure therapy for acute ankle sprains may shorten the recovery time.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] acupressure therapy may improve recovery after acute ankle sprain injury, yielding shortened time of disability and improved quality of life.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] in this study, we assess the use of a neuromuscular electrical stimulation (nmes) device as an adjunctive therapy to reduce oedema in patients recovering from grade i and ii ankle sprains.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] t-o and t-g decreased pain and improved joint function to the same extent as d-g in acute ankle sprain, and were well tolerated.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] comfrey (symphytum officinale l.) is a medicinal plant with anti-inflammatory, analgesic and tissue regenerating properties.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] in this pilot, randomised controlled trial, nmes was well tolerated by patients following ankle sprain and demonstrated statistically significant improvements in oedema reduction as measured by fluid displacement.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] traditional practice suggests comfrey can be used to treat musculoskeletal disorders, wounds and various other conditions; however a full and critical coverage of the evidence base has not yet been undertaken.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] rest, ice, compression, and elevation is the preferred method for managing the symptoms after an ankle sprain.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] in some patients, ankle sprains lead to chronic symptoms like pain or muscular weakness called chronic ankle instability (cai).

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] this trial aimed to compare a topical natural agent, traumeel with topical diclofenac gel (1%) in the management of acute ankle sprain.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] to determine the clinical efficacy and antiedema effects of cohesive taping and short-leg cast immobilization in acute low-type ankle sprains of physically active patients, we performed a preliminary clinical study to assess objective evidence for edema and functional patient american orthopaedic foot and ankle society (aofas) scores with these alternative treatments.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] individual clinical trials showed evidence of benefit for ankle distortion, back pain, abrasion wounds and osteoarthritis.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] nsaids are the most common medication used for ankle sprain visits to the ed.

Does ointment with comfrey help with ankle sprains and sore muscles??? [SEP] to analyze the effects of proprioceptive/strengthening exercises versus the same exercises and manual therapy including mobilizations to influence joint and nerve structures in the management of recurrent ankle sprains. |||

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] the effect of a single application of such a varnish containing 2.5% chlorhexidine on occlusal caries development of the first permanent molars on 6-year-old children in a high caries incidence area was investigated.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] chlorhexidine (chx) varnishes have been mainly used for the prevention of caries in high-risk populations.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] it is concluded that the professional application of a chlorhexidine varnish significantly improved the gingival health of adolescents over a 6-month period.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to determine the effects of a chlorhexidine varnish on the gingival status of adolescents.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] addition of 2.5% chlorhexidine to glass ionomer did not seem to increase the caries-reducing effect of the varnish in this high caries incidence population.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] previous experiments have shown that daily use of 1% chlorhexidine gel strongly reduced caries development in the abutment teeth under overdentures.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] chlorhexidine has proved an efficient antibacterial agent and has been used successfully to prevent new carious lesions in the teeth of adults and children.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] dentin specimens from extracted human teeth were treated with chlorhexidine varnish and exposed to the oral environment of 47 subjects.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] this paper reviewed the literature on the effectiveness of different modes of chlorhexidine delivery for caries prevention and provides guidelines for chlorhexidine use in caries management.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] chlorhexidine, a cationic anti-microbial agent, prevents gingivitis by inhibiting plaque accumulation.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] chlorhexidine varnish and chlorhexidine gel applications significantly suppressed mutans streptococci on the abutment teeth for four and eight weeks, respectively.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] the use of chlorhexidine in caries prevention has been referred to as a nonsurgical management of dental caries and has represented the modern medical model of caries treatment.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] chlorhexidine is an active agent commonly used against dental plaque in the mouth apart from fluorides applied to prevent caries.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] based on the available reviews, chlorhexidine rinses have not been highly effective in preventing caries, or at least the clinical data are not convincing.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] in this double-blind and randomized controlled trial, we analyzed whether a lower concentration of chlorhexidine in dentifrices could reduce the risk of tooth staining without compromising its effectiveness in controlling gingivitis, bleeding, and dental plaque.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] due to the current lack of evidence on long-term clinical outcomes and reported side effects, chlorhexidine rinse, which is currently the only treatment mode available in the us, should not be recommended for caries prevention.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] in addition to its plaque-inhibiting effect, chlorhexidine possesses other properties beneficial for use in dentistry.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] due to the current lack of long-term clinical evidence for caries prevention and reported side effects, chlorhexidine rinses should not be recommended for caries prevention.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] a 10 percent chlorhexidine varnish was applied to the entire dentition of t subjects at bl; and one week and three months thereafter.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of dental varnish prevent the formation of caries in adults? [SEP] the in vitro results indicated that the addition of chlorhexidine gluconate to cavity varnish improved its antimicrobial properties. |||

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] previous experiments have shown that daily use of 1% chlorhexidine gel strongly reduced caries development in the abutment teeth under overdentures.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] the use of chlorhexidine as a topically applied oral antiseptic is well documented; however, clinical studies examining the effects of chlorhexidine gel on in situ dental caries are limited.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] chlorhexidine has a role in the management of patients with a high level of disease, but it is not a universal panacea for caries control.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] chlorhexidine has proved an efficient antibacterial agent and has been used successfully to prevent new carious lesions in the teeth of adults and children.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] chlorhexidine is widely used as a mouth rinse in the prevention and treatment of periodontal diseases and dental caries.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] chlorhexidine has proven anticaries activity; other agents might also prevent caries by means of their antiplaque properties.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] chlorhexidine is an active agent commonly used against dental plaque in the mouth apart from fluorides applied to prevent caries.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] in addition to its plaque-inhibiting effect, chlorhexidine possesses other properties beneficial for use in dentistry.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] chlorhexidine (chx) mouth rinse/spray can still be considered the gold standard in the chemical prevention of plaque formation and development of gingivitis.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] clinical studies have demonstrated the considerable effects of chlorhexidine on dental plaque and oral microbiota as well as improvements in indices of oral health.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] in conclusion, the results of this study demonstrate that this chlorhexidine chewing gum used with normal tooth cleaning provides similar adjunctive benefits to oral hygiene and gingival health as a 0.2% chlorhexidine rinse.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] chlorhexidine (chx)-containing mouthrinses are recommended as adjuncts to mechanical oral hygiene.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] this study utilized an in situ caries model and a modified crossover design to examine whether the addition of a biweekly topical, alcohol-free, 1% chlorhexidine digluconate gel to a daily fluoridated dentifrice inhibited artificial caries in dental tissues better than the fluoridated dentifrice alone when compared to a nonfluoridated placebo dentifrice.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] to study this, a chlorhexidine containing liquid coating was applied to the surface of teeth.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] the chlorhexidine gel reduced plaque accumulation and gingival bleeding for one week but had no long-lasting effect.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] chlorhexidine varnish and chlorhexidine gel applications significantly suppressed mutans streptococci on the abutment teeth for four and eight weeks, respectively.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] chlorhexidine has been used orally since 1959, primarily for the control of dental plaque.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] chlorhexidine is a well-established agent used for the control of supragingival plaque but is not without disadvantages, such as tooth staining, which limits its clinical applications to short-term use.

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] in both studies, chlorhexidine rinses demonstrated significant dose-dependent effects post-treatment on salivary bacteria vs. the control rinse (p < 0.05).

Can chlorhexidine in the form of mouth rinses and gels for home use in children and adults, and as a dental varnish in children, prevent the formation of caries? [SEP] the apparent acceptability and effectiveness of the regimen suggests that small doses of chlorhexidine delivered by sprays may be of considerable value as an aid to oral hygiene in handicapped individuals. |||

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] we examined whether the 2003 implementation of a comprehensive smoking ban in new york state was associated with reduced hospital admissions for acute myocardial infarction and stroke, beyond the effect of moderate, local and statewide smoking restrictions, and independent of secular trends.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] is nicotine, whether in tobacco products or in nrt, the cause of the cardiovascular consequences associated with tobacco use?

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] smoking is a well-established and important risk factor for cardiovascular disease.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] reductions in exposure to environmental tobacco smoke have been shown to attenuate the risk of cardiovascular disease.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] participants living in areas with smoke-free policies had lower systolic bp on average at the end of follow-up compared with those in areas without policies (adjusted predicted mean differences [in mm hg]: restaurant: -1.14 [95% confidence interval: -2.15, -0.12]; bar: -1.52 [-2.48, -0.57]; workplace: -1.41 [-2.32, -0.50]).

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] fixed-effects regression estimated associations of smoke-free policies with within-person changes in systolic and diastolic bp and hypertension.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] cigarette smoking is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease (cvd) and the leading avoidable cause of death worldwide.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] background smoke-free legislation has been associated with reductions in secondhand smoke exposure and cardiovascular disease.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] smoking and other forms of tobacco use are major risk factors for cardiovascular disease.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] cigarette smoking is a well-established risk factor for cardiovascular disease yet several studies have shown lower mortality after acute coronary syndromes in smokers compared with non-smokers, the so called 'smoker's paradox'.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] cigarette smoking is an established risk factor for cancer and cardiovascular disease, and is the leading cause of avoidable disease in most industrialized countries.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] although the importance of smoking as a risk factor for coronary heart disease is beyond doubt, the speed and magnitude of risk reduction when a smoker with coronary heart disease quits are still subjects of debate.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] although the importance of smoking as a risk factor for coronary heart disease is beyond doubt, the speed and magnitude of risk reduction when a smoker with coronary heart disease quits are still subjects of debate.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] although the importance of smoking as a risk factor for coronary heart disease is beyond doubt, the speed and magnitude of risk reduction when a smoker with coronary heart disease quits are still subjects of debate.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] conclusions while the magnitude of associations was small at the individual level, results suggest a potential mechanism through which reductions in secondhand smoke because of smoke-free policies may improve population-level cardiovascular health.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] it is well established that quitting smoking reduces coronary events.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] cigarette smoking cessation is apparently associated with decreased risk of heart attack and cancer and improvement in pulmonary function.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] smoke-free policies in restaurants and bars were associated with mean within-person reductions in systolic bp of -0.85 (-1.61, -0.09) and -1.08 (-1.82, -0.34), respectively.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] cessation of smoking clearly decreases the chances of a first or subsequent cardiovascular event.

Does a legal smoking ban reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease in nonsmokers? [SEP] significantly, the mortality from coronary heart disease is reduced more through smoking cessation than by other secondary preventive therapies such as cholesterol lowering. |||

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] there have been a few studies which have demonstrated maternal serum vitamin d to be associated with preterm labor.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] the currently available results indicate that vitamin d supplementation during pregnancy reduces the risk of preterm birth, low birth weight, dental caries of infancy, and neonatal infectious diseases such as respiratory infections and sepsis.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] vitamin d has been hypothesized to reduce risk of pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preterm delivery.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] maternal-child health benefits of optimizing vitamin d status during pregnancy may include a reduced risk of pre-eclampsia, improved fetal growth and beneficial effects on infant immune function.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] vitamin d supplementation during pregnancy has been suggested as an intervention to protect against adverse gestational outcomes.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] the effects of serum vitamin d (25-hydroxyvitamin d [25ohd]) levels on preeclampsia incidence at trial entry and in the third trimester (32-38 weeks) were studied.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] vitamin d supplementation initiated in weeks 10-18 of pregnancy did not reduce preeclampsia incidence in the intention-to-treat paradigm.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] we assessed the effect of vitamin d supplementation (4,400 vs. 400 iu/day), initiated early in pregnancy (10-18 weeks), on the development of preeclampsia.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] vitamin d deficiency in pregnancy has been associated with an increased risk of preeclampsia.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] data from three trials involving 463 women suggest that women who receive vitamin d supplements during pregnancy less frequently had a baby with a birthweight below 2500 grams than those women receiving no treatment or placebo; statistical significance was borderline (rr 0.48; 95% ci 0.23 to 1.01).in terms of other conditions, there were no significant differences in adverse side effects including nephritic syndrome (rr 0.17; 95% ci 0.01 to 4.06; one trial, 135 women); stillbirths (rr 0.17; 95% ci 0.01 to 4.06; one trial, 135 women) or neonatal deaths (rr 0.17; 95% ci 0.01 to 4.06; one trial, 135 women) between women who received vitamin d supplements in comparison with women who received no treatment or placebo.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] however, vitamin d levels of 30 ng/ml or higher at trial entry and in late pregnancy were associated with a lower risk of preeclampsia.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] to examine whether supplements with vitamin d alone or in combination with calcium or other vitamins and minerals given to women during pregnancy can safely improve maternal and neonatal outcomes.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] many pregnant women in the united states have suboptimal vitamin d, but the impact on infant development is unclear.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] we prospectively assessed whether pregnant women with vitamin d deficiency during early pregnancy had an increased likelihood of gdm development or poor fetal growth or pregnancy outcomes compared to those with sufficient vitamin d levels.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] we aimed to assess the association of 25(oh) vitamin d levels in mothers with term and preterm delivery with their neonates.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] vitamin d deficiency has been associated with an increased risk of abnormal pregnancy implantation as well as obstetric complications such as pre-eclampsia and fetal growth restriction.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] is serum vitamin d associated with live birth rates in women undergoing art?

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] clinical pregnancy was found to be more likely in women replete in vitamin d (or 1.46 [1.05-2.02]).

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] antenatal vitamin d status may be associated with the risk of adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes; however, the benefits of vitamin d supplementation during pregnancy remain unknown.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] vitamin d deficiency is common in pregnancy, leading to increase in the frequency of preeclampsia, cesarean delivery, neonatal bacterial vaginosis, and gestational diabetes. |||

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] in conclusion, we observed an interactive effect of low calcium and vitamin d intake that may impact offspring phenotype and preterm birth rate supporting the hypothesis that both calcium and vitamin d status are important for a successful pregnancy.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] there have been a few studies which have demonstrated maternal serum vitamin d to be associated with preterm labor.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] vitamin d supplementation, with or without calcium, may be related to lower risk of preeclampsia but more studies are needed to confirm this.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] it has been suggested that vitamin d supplementation during pregnancy may reduce the risk of adverse gestational outcomes.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] to examine whether supplements with vitamin d alone or in combination with calcium or other vitamins and minerals given to women during pregnancy can safely improve maternal and neonatal outcomes.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] suboptimal maternal calcium intake and vitamin d status may or may not adversely influence fetal growth.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] also, three trials found that supplementation with vitamin d plus calcium reduced the risk of pre-eclampsia (5% versus 9%; average risk ratio 0.51; 95% ci 0.32, 0.80).

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] five trials involving 623 women compared the effects of vitamin d alone versus no supplementation/placebo and one trial with 400 women compared the effects of vitamin d and calcium versus no supplementation.only one trial with 400 women reported on pre-eclampsia: women who received 1200 iu vitamin d along with 375 mg of elemental calcium per day were as likely to develop pre-eclampsia as women who received no supplementation (average risk ratio (rr) 0.67; 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.33 to 1.35).

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] to update a previous meta-analysis on the effects of oral vitamin d supplementation (alone or in combination with other vitamins and minerals) during pregnancy on maternal 25(oh)d levels and risk of developing pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, impaired glucose tolerance, caesarean section, gestational hypertension and other adverse conditions.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] maternal-child health benefits of optimizing vitamin d status during pregnancy may include a reduced risk of pre-eclampsia, improved fetal growth and beneficial effects on infant immune function.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] vitamin d deficiency during pregnancy is associated with increased risk of pregnancy complications including pre-eclampsia and preterm birth (ptb).

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] vitamin d supplementation during pregnancy has been suggested as an intervention to protect against adverse gestational outcomes.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] two trials found a lower risk of preeclampsia (8.9% versus 15.5%; average risk ratio 0.52; 95% ci 0.25, 1.05) and two other trials found no difference in the risk of gestational diabetes with vitamin d supplementation.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] vitamin d deficiency in pregnancy has been associated with an increased risk of preeclampsia.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] we assessed the effect of vitamin d supplementation (4,400 vs. 400 iu/day), initiated early in pregnancy (10-18 weeks), on the development of preeclampsia.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] vitamin d supplementation initiated in weeks 10-18 of pregnancy did not reduce preeclampsia incidence in the intention-to-treat paradigm.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] overall, vitamin d supplementation in these populations leads to improved neonatal handling of calcium.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] the effects of serum vitamin d (25-hydroxyvitamin d [25ohd]) levels on preeclampsia incidence at trial entry and in the third trimester (32-38 weeks) were studied.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] we aimed to determine whether low dietary consumption of calcium along with vitamin d deficiency had an additive effect on adverse pregnancy outcome by investigating placental morphogenesis and foetal growth in a mouse model.

Do pregnant women who take vitamin D in combination with calcium have a lower risk of preterm birth? [SEP] we conducted a double-blind placebo-controlled randomized trial to evaluate the effect of high-dose prenatal 3rd trimester vitamin d3 supplementation on maternal and neonatal (cord blood) serum 25-hydroxyvitamin d (25(oh)d) concentration (primary biochemical efficacy outcome) and maternal serum calcium concentration (primary safety measure). |||

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] aroma therapy has been used for people with dementia to reduce disturbed behaviour (e.g.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] in complementary medicine, aromatherapy uses essential oils to improve agitation and aggression observed in dementia, mood, depression, anxiety and chronic pain.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] to determine whether aromatherapy with lavender oil is effective in the treatment of agitated behaviour in patients with severe dementia.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] aroma-acupressure had a greater effect than aromatherapy on agitation in patients with dementia.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to compare aroma-acupressure and aromatherapy with respect to their effects on agitation in patients with dementia.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] aromatherapy may reduce the behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia (bpsd), improve quality of care, and thus improve the quality of life for people with dementia.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] lavender oil administered in an aroma stream shows modest efficacy in the treatment of agitated behaviour in patients with severe dementia.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] aromatherapy is an option that has been recommended for use in dementia.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] to assess the efficacy of aroma therapy as an intervention for people with dementia.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] the effects of aromatherapy and massage on disturbed behaviour in four individuals with severe dementia were evaluated using a single-case research design.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] aromatherapy and hand massage therapies have been reported to have some benefit for people with dementia who display behavioural symptoms; however there are a number of limitations of reported studies.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] the aim is to investigate the effect of aromatherapy (3% lavender oil spray) with and without hand massage on disruptive behaviour in people with dementia living in long-term care.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] future studies should continue to assess the benefits of aroma-acupressure and aromatherapy for the treatment of agitation in dementia patients.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] in a single blinded randomised controlled trial 67 people with a diagnosis of dementia and a history of disruptive behaviour, from three long-term care facilities were recruited and randomised using a random number table into three groups: (1) combination (aromatherapy and hand massage) (n = 22), (2) aromatherapy (n = 23), (3) placebo control (water spray) (n = 22).

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] the study assessed the effectiveness and safety of clinical aromatherapy as part of routine integrative care among people with dementia in a clinical care setting.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] in summary, lavender is effective as an adjunctive therapy in alleviating agitated behaviours in chinese patients with dementia.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] aromatherapy and massage could provide a useful addition to psychological therapeutic interventions with clients suffering from dementia.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] clinical aromatherapy is a complementary therapy that may be very helpful for elderly dementia care.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] this pilot study demonstrated that clinical aromatherapy was clinically safe but did not lead to statistically significant improvements in bpsd or adl among people with dementia.

Does aromatherapy have a calming effect on agitation and aggression typical of dementia? [SEP] if our results show that the use of lavender oil is effective in reducing challenging behaviours in individuals with dementia, it will potentially provide a safer intervention rather than reliance on pharmacology alone. |||

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] aromatherapy may reduce the behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia (bpsd), improve quality of care, and thus improve the quality of life for people with dementia.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] in conclusion, we found aromatherapy an efficacious non-pharmacological therapy for dementia.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] aroma therapy has been used for people with dementia to reduce disturbed behaviour (e.g.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] in the present study, we examined the curative effects of aromatherapy in dementia in 28 elderly people, 17 of whom had alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] to assess the efficacy of aroma therapy as an intervention for people with dementia.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] the study assessed the effectiveness and safety of clinical aromatherapy as part of routine integrative care among people with dementia in a clinical care setting.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] aromatherapy and hand massage therapies have been reported to have some benefit for people with dementia who display behavioural symptoms; however there are a number of limitations of reported studies.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] clinical aromatherapy is a complementary therapy that may be very helpful for elderly dementia care.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] this pilot study demonstrated that clinical aromatherapy was clinically safe but did not lead to statistically significant improvements in bpsd or adl among people with dementia.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] aromatherapy may have some potential for improving cognitive function, especially in ad patients.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] aroma therapy showed benefit for people with dementia in the only trial that contributed data to this review, but there were several methodological difficulties with this study.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] the aim is to investigate the effect of aromatherapy (3% lavender oil spray) with and without hand massage on disruptive behaviour in people with dementia living in long-term care.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] of these, aroma therapy is reported to be the most widely used in the british national health service (lundie 1994) and might be of use for people with dementia for whom verbal interaction may be difficult and conventional medicine of only marginal benefit.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] further research on therapeutic effects is needed to develop high-quality care with clinical aromatherapy for elderly patients with dementia in japan and to fully establish evidence for effective and safe practice in health care institutions.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] in a single blinded randomised controlled trial 67 people with a diagnosis of dementia and a history of disruptive behaviour, from three long-term care facilities were recruited and randomised using a random number table into three groups: (1) combination (aromatherapy and hand massage) (n = 22), (2) aromatherapy (n = 23), (3) placebo control (water spray) (n = 22).

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] to determine the effects of aromatherapy, patients were evaluated using the japanese version of the gottfries, brane, steen scale (gbss-j), functional assessment staging of alzheimer's disease (fast), a revised version of hasegawa's dementia scale (hds-r), and the touch panel-type dementia assessment scale (tdas) four times: before the control period, after the control period, after aromatherapy, and after the washout period.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] the review considered all trials using fragrance from plants defined as aroma therapy as an intervention with people with dementia.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] in summary, lavender is effective as an adjunctive therapy in alleviating agitated behaviours in chinese patients with dementia.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] quantitative studies, using questionnaire data, have shown that aromatherapy may reduce psychological distress and enhance symptom control in cancer patients.

Does aromatherapy have other positive effects for dementia patients??? [SEP] according to a series of recent meta-analyses and systematic reviews, aromatherapy has shown to be effective in treating patients with different medical conditions. |||

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] consumption of tomato and tomato-based products is associated with risk reduction of cardiovascular disease (cvd).

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] epidemiologic evidence suggests that tomato-based products could reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] there is a growing body of evidence that tomato consumption reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease, through antioxidative, anti-inflammatory and hypotensive effects.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] these results provide a potential mechanism by which tomatoes contribute to cardiovascular health.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] epidemiological evidence suggests an association between consumption of tomato products or lycopene and lower risk for cardiovascular diseases (cvd).

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] regular consumption of tomato and its products is being consistently associated with lower risk of several types of cancer and, to a lesser extent, coronary heart disease.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] consumption of tomato products has been associated with decreased risks of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease and cancer, and therefore the biological functions of tomato carotenoids such as lycopene, phytoene, and phytofluene are being investigated.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggest that consumption of tomato products reduces the risk of cvd via antioxidant, hypocholesterolaemic and anti-inflammatory mechanisms.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] epidemiologic studies suggest that consumption of tomato-based foods may lower cvd risk.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] regular consumption of fruits and vegetables (e.g., tomatoes) has been shown to be beneficial in terms of reducing the incidence of cardiovascular diseases.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] epidemiological studies have provided evidence that high consumption of tomatoes effectively lowers the risk of reactive oxygen species (ros)-mediated diseases such as cardiovascular disease and cancer by improving the antioxidant capacity.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] to test the hypothesis that tomato ingestion ameliorates endothelial function, we randomised healthy non-smoking postmenopausal women to consume a buttered roll with and without tomato purée (70 g) in a cross-over design.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the available evidence on the effects of tomato products and lycopene supplementation on cv risk factors supports the view that increasing the intake of these has positive effects on blood lipids, blood pressure and endothelial function.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] however, the mechanism(s) by which tomatoes may reduce cardiovascular disease risk are not yet known.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] epidemiological data have reported an inverse relationship between the consumption of tomatoes and tomato products and the risk of cardiovascular disease.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] our aim was to evaluate the state of the evidence from intervention trials on the effect of consuming tomato products and lycopene on markers of cardiovascular (cv) function.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the aim of this study was to conduct a single-blind, randomized controlled intervention trial with healthy middle-aged volunteers to assess whether the consumption of tomato-based foods affects recognized biomarkers of cvd risk.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in conclusion, tomato juice may have favorable effects on lipid metabolism, but polyphenol fortification does not constitute additional beneficial cardiovascular effects.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] epidemiological evidence indicates that high consumption of tomatoes and tomato-based products reduces the risk of chronic diseases such as cvd and cancer.

Does tomato extract reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] overall, interventions supplementing tomato were associated with significant reductions in ldl-cholesterol (-0.22 mmol/l; p = 0.006), il-6 (standardised mean difference -0.25; p = 0.03), and improvements in fmd (2.53%; p = 0.01); while lycopene supplementation reduced systolic-bp (-5.66 mmhg; p = 0.002). |||

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] smoking cessation can increase life expectancy by nearly a decade if achieved in the third or fourth decades of life.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] this study determined the life extension obtained from stopping smoking at various ages.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] smoking cessation improves life expectancy at any age.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] mortality hazards of smoking extend well into later life; this suggests that smoking cessation will continue to improve life expectancy in older people.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] although ultimately in the latter part of the life-span, the benefit which might be gained by giving up smoking would not increase life-span significantly, the present study shows that for all of the older age groups investigated, a lower mortality from all causes of death is observed for nonsmokers and ex-smokers compared with elderly smokers.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] older smokers who quit have a reduced risk of death compared with current smokers within 1 to 2 years after quitting.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] however, even those who quit much later in life gained some benefits: among smokers who quit at age 65 years, men gained 1.4 to 2.0 years of life, and women gained 2.7 to 3.7 years.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] quitting smoking has several health benefits, including an improvement in health-related quality of life.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] smoking cessation in older adults markedly reduces the risks of coronary events and of cardiac deaths within 1 year of quitting, and risk continues to decline more gradually for many years.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] smokers who quit at younger ages realized greater life extensions.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] nevertheless, at the population level, the prospects are excellent that smoking cessation after age 65 will extend both the number of years of life and the quality of life.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] smoking shortens life expectancy by 7 to 10 years.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] life expectancy among smokers who quit at age 35 exceeded that of continuing smokers by 6.9 to 8.5 years for men and 6.1 to 7.7 years for women.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] quitting smoking is beneficial to health at any age, and cigarette smokers who quit before age 35 years have mortality rates similar to those of persons who never smoked.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] our findings suggest that at least 3 years of smoking cessation may contribute to reduce premature mortality among asian men.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] smoking cessation reduces the risk of copd mortality after 10 to 15 years of abstinence in men and 5 to 10 years of abstinence in women.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] despite unequivocal evidence that smoking cessation is beneficial in terms of survival, there is at present no firm evidence that smoking cessation programs save lives.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] it is well known that smoking is a preventable factor for all-cause mortality; however, it is still questionable how many years after smoking cessation that people will have reduced risk for mortality, in particular in those with a high interest in their own health.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] risks of dying from several smoking-related cancers are reduced by quitting.

Does quitting smoking prolong life? [SEP] this review supports the following conclusions regarding the benefits of smoking cessation in older adults: 1. |||

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] meta-analyses indicate that egg consumption is associated with increased cardiovascular disease and mortality, but reduced incidence of hypertension, a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] egg consumption has been associated with the risk of cardiovascular diseases (cvds), but evidence is scarce and inconsistent.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] we conducted the study to investigate if egg consumption is associated with incident cardiovascular disease (cvd) and all-cause mortality.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] eggs are a ubiquitous and important source of dietary cholesterol and nutrients, yet their relationship to coronary heart disease (chd) remains unclear.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] some studies have found that egg consumption is associated with a higher risk of ischemic heart disease in patients with diabetes.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the aim was to assess the association between egg consumption and risk of cvd risk/mortality, including coronary heart disease (chd), stroke, and heart failure.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] most studies show that moderate egg consumption is not associated with a significant increase in cvd, stroke, heart failure, and type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2dm), whereas others dispute this fact and state that there is an association with increased egg consumption, especially if they are consumed with saturated fats.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] among us adults, higher consumption of dietary cholesterol or eggs was significantly associated with higher risk of incident cvd and all-cause mortality in a dose-response manner.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] there is a great debate regarding the association of cholesterol intake from egg consumption and the incidence of cardiovascular disease (cvd).

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] thus, we sought to examine whether egg consumption is associated with calcified atherosclerotic plaques in the coronary arteries.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] whether dietary cholesterol or egg consumption is associated with cardiovascular disease (cvd) and mortality remains controversial.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] purpose: the relationship between egg and cholesterol intakes, and cardiovascular disease is controversial.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] although eggs are important sources of dietary cholesterol and other nutrients, little is known about the association between egg consumption and heart failure (hf) risk.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] conclusion: egg and cholesterol intakes were associated with a higher risk of hypertension in french women.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] we aimed to examine the association between egg consumption and the risk of cvd and mortality.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] this study aims to investigate the associations between consumption of egg and cholesterol, and hypertension risk in a cohort of french women.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] we need to acknowledge that diverse healthy populations experience no risk in developing coronary heart disease by increasing their intake of cholesterol but in contrast, they may have multiple beneficial effects by the inclusion of eggs in their regular diet.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] this concern is based on three observations: 1. eggs are a rich source of dietary cholesterol; 2. when fed experimentally, dietary cholesterol increases serum cholesterol and; 3. high serum cholesterol predicts the onset of coronary heart disease.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the aim of this study was to examine whether egg consumption is associated with incidence of hf, myocardial infarction (mi), or stroke types.

Does eating eggs increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] there is no conclusive evidence on the role of egg in cvd risk, despite the fact that higher quality studies are warranted to obtain stronger evidence for a possible protection of cvd associated with moderate weekly egg consumption compared to no intake; equally, future studies may strengthen the evidence for increased heart failure risk associated with high regular egg consumption. |||

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] in comparison, oseltamivir (tamiflu) is effective against all influenza strains and can reduce the severity and duration of influenza among adults and children.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] oseltamivir (tamiflu®) is an important pharmaceutical intervention against the influenza virus.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] oseltamivir (tamiflu) has been shown to be effective as a treatment and chemoprophylaxis for influenza virus infections.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] oseltamivir (tamiflu®) is currently the only fda-approved oral drug that is available for the prevention and treatment of influenza virus infection.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] oral oseltamivir treatment does not significantly reduce the duration of illness or influenza-related complications in mild pandemic influenza a h1n1 2009 virus infection in previously healthy adults.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] our findings show that oseltamivir in adults with influenza accelerates time to clinical symptom alleviation, reduces risk of lower respiratory tract complications, and admittance to hospital, but increases the occurrence of nausea and vomiting.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] oseltamivir (tamiflu), an oral neuraminidase inhibitor, has been widely used to treat pandemic 2009 (h1n1) influenza a.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] oseltamivir (tamiflu), a neuraminidase inhibitor, is effective for treating both seasonal flu and h5n1 influenza a virus infection.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] oseltamivir (tamiflu) is a neuraminidase inhibitor-a new class of antiviral treatment for influenza where efficacy and safety has been established but cost-effectiveness is unknown.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] oseltamivir can effectively alleviate the symptoms of influenza and reduce hospitalization, antibiotic usage, and the risk of otitis media without significantly increasing the rate of adverse drug reactions.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] oseltamivir (tamiflu) is approved by the food and drug administration and is advertised for the treatment of influenza types a and b.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] of 2288 patients randomized, influenza was confirmed in 1575 (69%) and oseltamivir treatment reduced the mean time to symptom alleviation by 1.08 days (95% confidence interval ci] 0.58-1.59).

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] oseltamivir significantly reduced the duration of fever (wmd, -20.48; 95% ci, -28.43, -12.53) and influenza-like symptoms (wmd, -19.39; 95% ci, -32.94, -5.84).

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] oseltamivir (tamiflu) is a potent and selective antiviral drug employed to fight the flu virus in infected individuals by inhibiting neuraminidase (na), a flu protein responsible for the release and spread of the progeny virions.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] oseltamivir is safe and well-tolerated among asthmatic children, may reduce symptom duration and helps improve lung function and reduce asthma exacerbations during influenza infection.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] this study determined the effects of oseltamivir among influenza-infected children with asthma.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] the results of our study suggest that oseltamivir may inhibit both viral entry and release but may also enhance apoptosis of infected cells and interfere with nk cell function during influenza infection.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] oseltamivir is widely used for the treatment of influenza infection, but data on its effectiveness in treating infections with pandemic influenza a h1n1 2009 are scarce.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] oseltamivir has been widely used to treat patients with influenza; however, its effects have been debated.

Does oseltamivir (brand name "Tamiflu") reduce the severity and duration of influenza in otherwise healthy adults? [SEP] recently, a new meta-analysis on the controversial topic of oseltamivir's effectiveness found that the drug reduces the duration of influenza symptoms and the risk of hospitalization, while increasing the risk of nausea and vomiting. |||

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] active surveillance is an important management option for men with low-risk prostate cancer.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] active surveillance is increasingly recommended for older men with low risk prostate cancer.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] patients with low-grade and early-stage prostate cancer may benefit from active surveillance, rather than undergoing surgical and medical treatments that are associated with side effects.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] active surveillance (as) is increasingly accepted as appropriate management for low-risk prostate cancer (pc) patients.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] active surveillance is an important alternative to definitive therapy for men with low risk prostate cancer.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] active surveillance is an underutilized approach to reducing overtreatment of favorable risk prostate cancer.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] active surveillance for prostate cancer.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] active surveillance is increasingly recognized as the preferred standard of care for men with low-risk prostate cancer.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] active surveillance is an option for men with clinically localized prostate cancer and may be suitable for those with very low risk disease.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] active surveillance (as) is an important management strategy for men diagnosed with low-risk prostate cancer (pca).

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] we reviewed the published evidence for quality-of-life impact on men with prostate cancer being monitored by active surveillance.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] active surveillance is now considered a viable treatment option for men with low-risk prostate cancer.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] systematic review of literature on active surveillance for low-risk prostate cancer, pathologic parameters important for appropriate stratification, and issues regarding interobserver reproducibility.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] active surveillance, in which patients undergo regular visits with serum prostate-specific antigen tests and repeat prostate biopsies, rather than aggressive treatment with curative intent, may address overtreatment of low-risk prostate cancer.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] the aim of active surveillance is to avoid radical treatment and its side-effects in men who have truly low risk prostate cancer, whilst offering radical treatment to those men who are at higher risk of local progression or metastatic disease.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] to review the state of current knowledge about the role of active surveillance in the management of prostate cancer and to provide a multidisciplinary report focusing on pathologic parameters important to the successful identification of patients likely to succeed with active surveillance, to determine the role of molecular tests in increasing the safety of active surveillance, and to provide future directions.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] to systematically review the role of active surveillance for triggers to begin curative treatment in men with low-risk prostate cancer.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] the reasons for limited uptake of active surveillance for favorable risk prostate cancer are multifactorial and complex.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] active surveillance (as) is an increasingly utilized potential solution to the issue of overtreatment of prostate cancer.

Is active surveillance ("active surveillance") of patients with low-risk prostate cancer associated with increased prostate cancer mortality risk in the long term? [SEP] active surveillance is a solution to the widely acknowledged problem of overdiagnosis and overtreatment of  clinically insignificant disease which accompanies early detection of prostate cancer using psa and biopsy. |||

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] urinary incontinence can have a considerable effect on an individual's quality of life, but can be significantly improved with correct assessment, treatment and management.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] rate of continence after artificial urinary sphincter (aus) placement appears to decline with time.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] some preventive measures have been described to decrease the risk of incontinence after radical prostatectomy, but with conflicting results.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] no evidence has shown that patients who are incontinent after rp who have detrusor overactivity, a low first sensation, decreased compliance, or a low bladder capacity have worse post-aus outcomes than other patients.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] to assess the effects of conservative management for urinary incontinence after transurethral, suprapubic, radical retropubic or perineal prostatectomy.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] to assess the effects of conservative management for urinary incontinence after transurethral, suprapubic, radical retropubic or perineal prostatectomy.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] in our patients, early transurethral punctual removal of the penetrating sutures could decrease the early postoperative incontinence rate.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] nineteen incontinent patients were identified with the symptomatic triad of early incontinence, reduced urinary flow, and post-void residual (pvr) volume after catheter removal.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] incontinence after rp is secondary to intrinsic sphincter deficiency, but urodynamics have been advocated before aus placement to detect factors that could limit surgical success.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] up to 30% of patients complain about urine leakage after radical prostatectomy, but persistent stress incontinence (beyond 1 year) affects <5% of them.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] urinary incontinence is a common problem that is often under-reported due to the embarrassing nature and social stigma attached.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] early severe urinary incontinence, reduced urinary flow, and pvr volume after radical prostatectomy may indicate sphincter penetration by anastomosis sutures.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] urinary incontinence (ui) following radical prostatectomy is a well-recognized risk of the surgery.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] the objectives of the present study were to investigate whether buttressing sutures, which prevent the bladder neck from pulling open as the bladder fills, can promote earlier recovery from urinary incontinence after radical retropubic prostatectomy (rrp) and to identify possible risk factors associated with urinary incontinence after rrp.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] this article provides an overview of the main types of urinary incontinence, and summarises recent guidelines for the assessment, diagnosis and effective conservative treatment options for them, and when a referral to specialist care is required.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] to determine whether urodynamic or clinical parameters can predict artificial urinary sphincter (aus) outcome in patients who were incontinent after radical prostatectomy (rp).

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] urinary incontinence following radical prostatectomy is thought to be mainly due to stress leak as a result of sphincter insufficiency or detrusor dysfunction.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] identification and early proactive treatment of the high pressure, dyssynergic lower urinary tract significantly decreases the need for bladder augmentation as children with neurogenic bladder secondary to myelomeningocele mature.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] iatrogenic sphincter lesions are possible reasons for sphincteric incompetence and postprostatectomy urinary incontinence.

Does Active Surveillance reduce the likelihood of becoming impotent or incontinence, i.e. unintentional urine leakage ?? [SEP] whether prophylactic therapy in the high risk bladder may also lead to improved long-term bladder dynamics prompted us to study the effect of early versus late treatment of bladder hypertonicity and detrusor-sphincter dyssynergia on the ultimate need for bladder augmentation. |||

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] opuntia ficus-indica fruit extracts (ofies), which contain betalain pigments and polyphenols including flavonoids, have been introduced as reducing hangover symptoms and liver protective activity.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to characterize the phytochemical composition of hydroalcoholic extract of prickly pear seeds that cause therapeutic effects.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] the present study evaluates the antinociceptive and anti-inflammatory action of prickly pear.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] shingo) has been used as a traditional medicine for alleviating alcohol hangover.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] are known as prickly pear and folkloric use as hematinic, anti-inflammatory and antiasthmatic action.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] second, mouse pk data (auc(∞) and c(max) ) showed that the pear extract decreased the alcohol level in blood regardless of aldh2 genotype.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] "opuntia ficus-indica" (prickly pear) is the cactus member of the cactaceae family as an important nutrient and food source.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] due to its high content of bioactive compounds, the prickly pear has antioxidant, antimicrobial and anticancer properties.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] based on the traditional use of prickly pear for enhancement of immune function, the objective of the present study to evaluate the effect of prickly pear on mast cell degranulation function.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] the results establish the folklore use of prickly pear may be due to the presence of betacyanin and/or other phenolic compounds.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] we previously demonstrated that alcoholic extracts from pterodon pubescens benth.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] these stimulations could be the main mechanism of the korean pear for alcohol detoxification.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] the fruits of opuntia produced analgesic and anti-inflammatory action in a dose-dependent manner.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] alcoholic infusions of ptychopetalum olacoides bentham (po, olacaceae) are used in traditional medicine by patients presenting age associated symptoms and those recovering from stroke.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] here, we first observed that ethanolic extracts of p. vulgaris (eepv) prolonged pentobarbital-induced sleep duration in mice.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] prickly pear peels contain bioactive substances that could be used in different food sectors.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] this study falls within the framework of the industrial exploitation of by-products of the prickly pear (opuntia ficus-indica).

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] this study investigated the hepatoprotective activity of the ethanolic extract of p. orientale (poe) fruits against carbon tetrachloride (ccl4)-induced acute liver injury (ali).

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] these data suggest that the seeds of the cactus "opuntia ficus-indica" could be a potential source of natural compound and reveal that the hydroethanolic extract of this species is a promising source, as well as a therapeutic agent for the research of new natural active ingredients.

Do extracts of prickly pear (Opuntia ficus-indica) help with hangover symptoms after alcohol consumption? [SEP] therefore, the consistent in vitro and in vivo data suggest that korean pears stimulate the two key alcohol-metabolizing enzymes. |||

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] the purpose of this paper was to assess whether statins reduce all-cause mortality and cardiovascular (cv) events in elderly people without established cv disease.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] in elderly subjects at high cv risk without established cv disease, statins significantly reduce the incidence of mi and stroke, but do not significantly prolong survival in the short-term.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] background while there is clear evidence for the benefit of statins in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events, there is a lack of research on the effects of statin regimens in older patients aged 75 years and over.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] from a risk-benefit perspective, there is a role of statins for the primary prevention of major adverse cardiovascular events in elderly patients.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] available evidence shows that statins reduce cardiovascular events and invasive revascularization in older adults.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] statins reduce the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events (mace), however their clinical benefit for primary and secondary prevention among older adults with frailty is uncertain.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] primary prevention trials have shown that statins were also effective in reducing cardiovascular events in older persons with hypercholesterolemia.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] evidence for the use of statins for primary prevention in older adults is limited, despite the possibility that this population may derive significant clinical benefit given its increased cardiovascular risk.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] using statins to treat older men and women with coronary artery disease (cad) and hypercholesterolemia reduces the risk of all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, coronary events, coronary revascularization, stroke, intermittent claudication, and congestive heart failure.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] statins are also effective in reducing cardiovascular events in older persons with hypercholesterolemia without cardiovascular disease.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] although statins reduce coronary and cerebrovascular morbidity and mortality in middle-aged individuals, their efficacy and safety in elderly people is not fully established.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] secondary prevention trials have demonstrated in persons with coronary artery disease (cad) and hypercholesterolemia that statin drugs reduced in older persons all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, coronary events, coronary revascularization, stroke, and intermittent claudication.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] this study aimed to critically evaluate the efficacy and safety of statins for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease (cvd) in the elderly.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] objectives to compare the effectiveness of statin regimens in the secondary prevention of ischemic cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events among patients aged 75 years and over.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] statins have been shown to be beneficial in primary and secondary prevention settings; however, their role in the elderly remains a clinical conundrum, given that age-related factors could alter the risk-benefit ratio of statin treatment.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] statins are widely used to prevent cardiovascular disease (cvd).

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] statins significantly reduced the risks of composite major adverse cardiovascular events (rr 0.82, 95% ci 0.74-0.92), nonfatal myocardial infarction [mi] (0.75, 0.59-0.94) and total mi (0.74, 0.61-0.90).

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] with advancing age, the risks of statins might outweigh the potential benefits.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] despite of the patient's nutritional status, statins therapy as a secondary prevention in elderly cad patients was associated with decreased risk of all-cause death.

Do statins help older people suffering from cardiovascular disease to live longer? Do they reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke? [SEP] several well-publicized trials have recently reported that statin drugs (hmg coa reductase inhibitors) are effective in lowering cholesterol and in reducing the risk of myocardial infarction and stroke. |||

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] statins are important in vascular disease prevention in the elderly.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] statins are effective, both in primary and secondary prevention of coronary heart disease, in middle-aged and older (< 76 years) men and women, in both diabetics and non-diabetics with coronary heart disease.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] statins have been shown conclusively to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in subjects with clinical cardiovascular disease or diabetes aged 65 to 80 years of age.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] the purpose of this paper was to assess whether statins reduce all-cause mortality and cardiovascular (cv) events in elderly people without established cv disease.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] background while there is clear evidence for the benefit of statins in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events, there is a lack of research on the effects of statin regimens in older patients aged 75 years and over.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] available evidence shows that statins reduce cardiovascular events and invasive revascularization in older adults.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] numerous large randomized clinical trials have shown that statin therapy is effective and safe for primary prevention of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (cvd) for adults aged 40 to 75 years and support the use of 10-year cvd risk as a means to identify individuals for treatment.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] this study aimed to critically evaluate the efficacy and safety of statins for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease (cvd) in the elderly.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] from a risk-benefit perspective, there is a role of statins for the primary prevention of major adverse cardiovascular events in elderly patients.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] although statins reduce coronary and cerebrovascular morbidity and mortality in middle-aged individuals, their efficacy and safety in elderly people is not fully established.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] objectives to compare the effectiveness of statin regimens in the secondary prevention of ischemic cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events among patients aged 75 years and over.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] although hmg-coa reductase inhibitors (statins) have been shown to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patients aged 65-80 years who have clinical cardiovascular disease, fewer data are available for elderly patients without cardiovascular disease.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] statins are widely used to prevent cardiovascular disease (cvd).

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] the role of statin therapy in primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in persons older than 75 years remains a subject of debate with little evidence to support or exclude the benefit of this treatment.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] statins have not only been shown to be safe and effective for lowering ldl cholesterol, but appear to have ancillary pleiotropic effects that are beneficial in other conditions to which older adults are prone.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] statins reduce the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events (mace), however their clinical benefit for primary and secondary prevention among older adults with frailty is uncertain.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] moderate-dose statins have been shown to be effective and safe in properly selected elderly patients up to the age of 80 years.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] in elderly subjects at high cv risk without established cv disease, statins significantly reduce the incidence of mi and stroke, but do not significantly prolong survival in the short-term.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] statins have been shown to be beneficial in primary and secondary prevention settings; however, their role in the elderly remains a clinical conundrum, given that age-related factors could alter the risk-benefit ratio of statin treatment.

Are statins useful in preventing cardiovascular disease in people 75 years and older??? [SEP] we assessed the effect of statin discontinuation on cardiovascular outcomes in previously adherent 75-year-olds treated for primary prevention. |||

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] this prospective, multicentre, randomised, blinded, active-control and non-inferiority study involved 449 physically active adults sustaining unilateral grade 1 or 2 ankle sprain within the past 24 h. participants were randomised to receive 2 g of traumeel ointment (t-o) (n = 152) or traumeel gel (t-g) (n = 150) or diclofenac gel (d-g) (n = 147), administered topically to the ankle three times a day for 14 days, with 6-weeks follow up.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] this trial aimed to compare a topical natural agent, traumeel with topical diclofenac gel (1%) in the management of acute ankle sprain.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] competitors in soccer, handball, or karate competitions were enrolled within two hours of sustaining a strain, sprain, or contusion and treated three times with the trial gel within a period of eight hours.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] to investigate the clinical efficacy and safety of escin-containing gels in the topical treatment of blunt impact injuries.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] acute ankle sprains are common and activity limiting injuries, and topical diclofenac gel has proven efficacy in alleviating pain and restoring function.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] although our report is a single case study, our results indicate that ta pharmacopuncture can be effective in treating various acute sprains and is a potential acupuncture method for the treatment of patients with aavr.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] t-o and t-g decreased pain and improved joint function to the same extent as d-g in acute ankle sprain, and were well tolerated.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] the aim of this study is to assess the efficacy and safety of traumeel injections versus corticosteroid injections and placebo in the treatment of rotator cuff syndrome and bursitis and expand the current evidence base for the conservative treatment of rotator cuff syndrome.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] sport injuries (bruises, swelling secondary to sprains and contusions) respond favorably to eg, which is also indicated for varices in pregnancy.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] escin/diethylammonium salicylate/heparin combination gel preparations are effective and safe for the treatment of blunt impact injuries.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] prp can be useful as a protective agent for sports injury patients receiving local corticosteroid injections.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] in this study, we report the treatment of frequent sprains of various body parts in a patient with a history of aavr using only ta (a 7-herb extract consisting of scutellaria baicalensis, phellodendron amurense, pulsatilla koreana, sophora tonkinensis, aucklandia lappa, aquilaria agallocha, and carthamus tinctorius l.) pharmacopuncture.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] triamcinolone acetonide (ta) is widely used for the treatment of rotator cuff injury because of its anti-inflammatory properties.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] the present study showed that intramuscular injection of fm resulted in improved structural and mechanical properties of tendon repairs and it could be an effective treatment for acute tendon injuries like severance and laceration.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] this is a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, 16-week, three-arm, parallel-group, active- and placebo-controlled trial to assess the efficacy and safety of traumeel 2 ml injection versus dexamethasone 8 mg injection versus placebo (saline solution).

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] this study was conducted to evaluate effects of flunixin meglumine (fm) on tendon healing after experimentally induced acute trauma.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] mann-whitney effect sizes and lower bound confidence intervals demonstrated non-inferiority of traumeel vs. diclofenac for reducing pain and functional improvement.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] corticosteroids, local anesthetics, and ketorolac tromethamine (toradol) are the most commonly used injectable agents in athletes.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] triamcinolone acetonide (ta) injections are widely used for tendinitis but have deleterious effects, including tendon degeneration or tendon rupture.

Is Traumeel gel or ointment effective for sports injuries such as sprains, bruises and strains? [SEP] clinical efficacy will be assessed as non-inferiority of traumeel with respect to dexamethasone regarding the primary efficacy parameter. |||

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] weather is often reported to be one of the most common migraine triggers.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] our data indicate that a subgroup of migraineurs is highly sensitive to changes of certain weather components.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] in a subgroup of migraineurs, a significant weather sensitivity could be observed.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] many patients with migraine believe weather is a trigger for their headaches.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] we examined the impact of meteorological factors and the impact of their day-to-day change on the risk of occurrence and persistence of headache and migraine and the correlation of subjective weather perception with objective weather data.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] weather is mentioned as a trigger factor by migraine patients most frequently.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] self-reported surveys have indicated that weather can trigger migraine headaches.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] the study aimed at elucidating a potential correlation between specific meteorological variables and the prevalence and intensity of migraine attacks as well as exploring a potential individual predictability of a migraine attack based on meteorological variables and their changes.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] taking interdiurnal temperature changes as an indicator for changes in the prevailing meteorological conditions, our analyses were focused on the relationship between temperature changes and the frequency of occurrence of migraine attacks.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] we found that higher relative humidity was associated with higher odds of migraine headache onset in warm season, and traffic-related gaseous pollutants may be associated with higher odds of migraine headache onset in cold season.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] although atmospheric weather changes are often listed among the common migraine triggers, studies to determine the specific weather component(s) responsible have yielded inconsistent results.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] we studied the possible relationship between 40 migraine patients and some meteorological factors: humidity, temperature and geomagnetic activity in particular.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] many headache patients believe that weather changes act as pain triggers.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] migraine attacks started most frequently at 4 a.m. and reached the highest intensity between 4 and 8 a.m. a highly significant association between meteorological variables and the occurrence of migraine attacks was found in six patients.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] barometric pressure has been reported as a triggering and exacerbating factor in migraine headaches, although there are few reports concerning the association of weather change and migraine headache.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] in the uni- and multivariate analysis, a ridge of high pressure increased the risk of headache occurrence, lower mean daily wind speed increased the risk of migraine occurrence and a day-to-day change of daily sunshine duration increased the risk of migraine occurrence.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] environmental changes and a number of other factors could induce migraine attacks.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] attack prevalence and intensity of 100 migraineurs were correlated with atmospheric pressure, relative air humidity, and ambient temperature in 4-h intervals over 12 consecutive months.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] atmospheric pressure change produces air movement, and low pressure in particular is associated with warm weather, winds, clouds, dust, and precipitation, but how this effect might generate migraine is not immediately obvious.

Are weather phenomena and weather changes triggers of migraine attacks? [SEP] the relationship between barometric pressure changes and migraine headaches was prospectively examined. |||

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] artichoke extracts are well known to be helpful in various gastrointestinal disorders.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] this trial shows a positive effect on symptoms in constipated patients after intake of probiotic-enriched artichokes.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] satisfactory relief of symptoms was significantly higher (p = 0.0014) during the probiotic-enriched artichoke period.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] to evaluate the effects of probiotic-enriched artichokes on treatment preference, symptom profile and short-chain fatty acid (scfa) production in constipated subjects when compared with ordinary artichokes.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] the present study evaluated the effects of artichoke and artichoke products administration on the glycemic indices.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] to determine whether the consumption of artichokes enriched with a probiotic lactobacillus paracasei strain affects fecal microbiota composition, fecal enzyme activity, and short-chain fatty acids production and symptom profile in patients suffering from constipation.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] moreover, these outcomes suggested that just the supplementation of artichoke and artichoke products is more effective in the reduction of homa-ir levels than the co-supplementation form.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] we undertook this study to test whether artichoke extract is effective in preventing the signs and symptoms of alcohol-induced hangover.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] artichoke is a rich source of health promoting compounds such as polyphenols, important for their pharmaceutical and nutritional properties.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] moreover, recent studies assessed the suitability of some vegetables, particularly olives and artichokes, to vehicle probiotic strains into the gastrointestinal tract.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] moreover, the ability of artichoke polyphenols to modulate the in vitro starch digestibility was also explored.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] in this study, the bioaccessibility and gut bioavailability of artichoke constituents were evaluated by combining in vitro digestion and large intestine fermentation, metabolomics, and caco-2 human intestinal cells model.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] until now, the effects of artichoke and artichoke products administration on glycemic indices have not been sufficiently appraised.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] it is known that physiological digestive processes could be improved by the ingestion of some medicinal plants, while specific foods can facilitate the occurrence of gastrointestinal symptoms.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] a subgroup analysis comparing the kind of intervention, revealed that just the supplementation of artichoke and artichoke products, in a noco-supplementation form, was efficacy for the reduction of homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (homa-ir) (wmd: -0.52, 95 % ci: -0.85, -0.19; p = 0.002).

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] pooled analysis of nine randomized controlled trials (rcts), demonstrated that the administration of artichoke and artichoke products led to a significant reduced fasting blood sugar (fbs) (wmd: -5.28 mg/dl, 95 % ci: -8.95, -1.61; p = 0.005).

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] artichoke is a relevant source of health-promoting compounds such as polyphenols and sesquiterpene lactones.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] for 15 days, 8 volunteers (3m/5f age 40+/-14 y) integrated their normal diet with artichokes (180 gr) enriched with 20 billions of l. paracasei lmgp22043.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] the supplementation of artichoke and artichoke products can significantly reduce the fbs concentrations in humans.

Does artichoke preparation help with gastrointestinal problems? [SEP] bristol chart cluster scores were significantly higher (3.3 ± 1.2, 2.9 ± 1.3 2.2 ± 1.2, baseline, ordinary artichokes and probiotic-enriched ones, respectively; p = 0.009) and gsrs constipation was significantly lower (13.9 ± 0.9, 10.2 ± 0.8, 8.3 ± 0.9; p = 0.032) in the probiotic group compared with the baseline. |||

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] thus, the present study is conducted to investigate the therapeutic potential of pear extract (pe) for reversing obesity and associated metabolic complications in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] considerable evidence suggests that pear fruit consumption is associated with a lower risk of obesity-related complications.

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] after 12 weeks of daily fresh pear consumption, systolic blood pressure tended to be reduced (130 ± 2 mmhg vs. 134 ± 2 mmhg at baseline, p = 0.07) and pulse pressure was significantly reduced (51 ± 1 vs. 54 ± 1 at baseline, p < 0.05).

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] these findings suggest that daily fresh pear consumption may promote modest improvements in cardiometabolic health in middle-aged/older adults with mets.

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] previous research suggests potential for fresh pears as a functional food for promoting cardiometabolic health.

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] the results demonstrate that pe supplementation ameliorates diet-induced obesity and associated metabolic complications and suggest the health-beneficial effects of both pear fruits and malaxinic acid in counteracting these diseases.

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] prickly pear pectin intake decreases plasma ldl concentrations by increasing hepatic apolipoprotein b/e receptor expression in guinea pigs fed a hypercholesterolemic diet.

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] these results indicate that the decreased plasma and hepatic cholesterol concentrations of animals fed prickly pear pectin are not explained by differences in cholesterol absorption but rather are due to mechanisms that alter hepatic cholesterol homeostasis, resulting in lower plasma ldl concentrations.

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] waist circumference was significantly reduced at 12 weeks in the pear group (107.7 ± 2.0 cm vs. 108.4 ± 2 cm at baseline, p < 0.05) with a trend for a group by time interaction (p < 0.1), and significantly lower in the pear group than control (108.1 ± 2.0 cm vs. 108.8 ± 2 cm, p < 0.05) at 6 weeks with a significant group by time interaction (p < 0.05).

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] to investigate whether prickly pear pectin has an effect on cholesterol absorption and on enzymes responsible for hepatic cholesterol homeostasis, guinea pigs were fed one of three semipurified diets, each containing 15 g lard/100 g diet: 1) the lard-basal diet with no added cholesterol or prickly pear pectin (lb diet); 2) the lb diet with 0.25 g added cholesterol/100 g diet (lc diet); or 3) the lc diet containing 2.5 g prickly pear pectin/100 g diet, added at the expense of cellulose (lc-p diet).

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] these results demonstrate the potential benefits of pgx fibre in controlling frequency of eating and in weight loss.

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] the purpose of this randomized, open-label, placebo-controlled, crossover clinical trial was to evaluate the influence of daily fresh pear consumption on blood pressure (primary outcome) and other biomarkers of cardiometabolic health in middle-aged/older adults with metabolic syndrome (mets).

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] the anti-diabetic activity of pear through inhibition of α-glucosidase has been demonstrated.

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] our purpose was to determine if pgx® meal replacements and pgx(®) fibre complex in combination with a calorie-restricted diet would aid in weight loss in a clinical setting.

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] however, little has been reported about the effect of pear on insulin signaling pathway in obesity.

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] objective: the aim of the study was to compare the efficacy of long-term (12-mo) treatment of weight loss with pg and placebo (pl).

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] polycystic ovary syndrome (pcos), a common condition in women, improves with weight loss.

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] among the nutritional factors, dried plum or prunes (prunus domestica l.) is the most effective fruit in both preventing and reversing bone loss.

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] the use of pgx® meal replacements and pgx(®) fibre along with a controlled dietary caloric intake is of benefit for short-term weight loss.

Does prickly pear help with long-term weight loss? [SEP] the findings of the present study confirmed the ability of dried plum in improving bmd in postmenopausal women in part due to suppressing the rate of bone turnover. |||

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] turmeric has been used as a medicinal herb for thousands of years for treatment of various disorders.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] introduction: since ancient times, turmeric has been used in several folklore remedies against various ailments.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] turmeric has been long recognized for its anti-inflammatory and health-promoting properties.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] the curcumin compound from turmeric is effective in the treatment of many inflammatory diseases.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] turmeric (curcuma longa) has traditionally been used to treat pain, fever, allergic and inflammatory diseases such as bronchitis, arthritis, and dermatitis.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] recently, the effect of turmeric, turmeric extract, or curcuminoids on musculoskeletal pain, either by themselves or in conjunction with other substances, has been reported.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] background and objectives: turmeric has assisted in the control of inflammation and pain for decades and has been used in combination with other nutraceuticals to treat acute and chronic osteoarthritis pain.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] turmeric extract or active component curcumin may have anti-inflammatory effects in people with chronic inflammatory diseases.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] turmeric significantly ameliorated food allergic symptoms in a mouse model of food allergy.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] therefore, we suggest that administration of turmeric including various components may be useful to ameliorate th2-mediated allergic disorders such as food allergy, atopic dermatitis, and asthma.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] collectively, these findings suggest that the combined treatment of curcumin and essential turmeric oils provides superior protection from dss-induced colitis than curcumin alone, highlighting the anti-inflammatory potential of turmeric.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] turmeric significantly attenuated food allergy symptoms (decreased rectal temperature and anaphylactic response) induced by ova, but curcumin showed weak improvement.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] turmeric is commonly used as a dietary treatment for inflammation, but few studies have evaluated the direct effect of turmeric on cartilage.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] these data contribute to the growing body of evidence for the utility of turmeric as an intervention for cartilage inflammation.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] turmeric reduced type 2 helper cell (th2)-related cytokines and enhanced a th1-related cytokine.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] turmeric may be considered a functional food for regulating plasma cholesterol levels and preventing the development of fatty liver in people who frequently consume a high-cholesterol diet.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] the principal component of turmeric is curcumin and its efficacy has been advocated in various in vitro, in vivo and clinical studies for different chronic diseases.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] furthermore, turmeric was confirmed anti-allergic effect through promoting th1 responses on th2-dominant immune responses in immunized mice.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] the present study found that turmeric clearly reduces the inflammatory cells in hamster opisthorchiasis at an early stage.

Can turmeric relieve the symptoms of depression? [SEP] the extract of curcuma longa, better known as turmeric, was orally administered to experimental rats that were fed a high-cholesterol diet to investigate whether it could regulate plasma lipids and cholesterol levels and possibly improve hepatic conditions. |||

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] does phthalate exposure from prescription drugs affect semen quality?

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] our findings suggest that environmental exposure to phthalates may impair human semen quality.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] are urinary phthalate concentrations associated with altered semen quality parameters among males recruited from the general population?

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] studies involving infertile men seeking care suggest that phthalates influence measures of semen quality raising concern about the implications for men in the general population.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] although the level of phthalates is relatively mild, an association of phthalate levels and reduced quality of human semen has been shown in the present study.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] exposure to phthalate-containing drugs is associated with poor semen quality.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] our results support the likely negative effect of phthalate exposure from medicinal drugs on semen quality.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] accumulating evidence indicates that phthalate exposures may affect human semen quality.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] results suggest that ambient phthalate metabolite concentrations may adversely affect human semen quality.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] one study has shown associations between medicinal phthalate exposure and poor semen quality, suggesting similar effects in humans.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] seminal plasma metabolomes may mediate associations of phthalate exposure with impaired semen quality.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] using data collected from questionnaires and clinical examinations, the correlation between phthalate exposure and semen quality was analyzed.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] studies have shown that phthalates are capable of affecting the development and functions of male reproductive system.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] here we examined the associations of phthalate exposure with semen quality and reproductive hormones in a chinese population using phthalate metabolite concentrations measured in semen as biomarkers.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] associations of the semen phthalate metabolites with semen quality parameters and serum reproductive hormones were assessed using confounder-adjusted linear and logistic regression models.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] these results extend the previous studies in association between phthalate exposures and classical semen parameters, mainly of inverse association, and sperm dna methylation may be linked phthalate exposures and male reproductive health outcome.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] in this study, we first assessed whether exposure to phthalates is associated with altered reproductive hormones and semen parameters in 599 men attending an in vitro fertilization clinic.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] semen phthalate metabolites were significantly associated with decreases in semen volume [mono-n-butyl phthalate (mbp), mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (mehp), mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (mehhp), mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (meohp)], sperm curvilinear velocity [monobenzyl phthalate (mbzp), mehp, the percentage of di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate metabolites excreted as mehp (%mehp)], and straight-line velocity (mbzp, mehp, %mehp), and also associated with an increased percentage of abnormal heads and tails (mbzp) (all p for trend <0.05).

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] the association between current use of phthalate-containing medications <90 days prior to semen sampling and reduced semen quality was analysed using unconditional logistic regression, adjusting for potential confounders.

Do phthalates affect semen quality in men? [SEP] exposure to phthalates has been found to have adverse effects on male reproductive function in animals. |||

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] is female exposure to phthalate metabolites associated with reduced fecundity, as estimated by prolonged time to pregnancy (ttp)?

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] phthalates have been linked to adverse pregnancy complications.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] the findings from our study suggest that phthalates may alter the risk of a hormonally-mediated disease among reproductive-age women.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] exposure to phthalates during gestation has been associated with decreased birth weight among offspring.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] male exposure to phthalates is potentially associated with adverse effects on human fecundity in epidemiological studies, but little is known about the potential effects on female reproduction.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] we examined pregnancy loss prospectively in relation to urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations among women undergoing medically assisted reproduction.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] increasing scientific evidence suggests that exposure to phthalates during pregnancy may be associated with an elevated risk of adverse reproductive outcomes such as preterm birth.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] phthalates are known reproductive toxicants that reduce placental and fetal weight in experimental animal studies.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] animal studies demonstrate that several phthalates are embryofetotoxic and are associated with increased pregnancy loss and malformations.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] our results suggest the presence of associations between prenatal phthalate exposure and placental size and shape.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] experimental evidence has shown that certain phthalates can disrupt endocrine function and induce reproductive and developmental toxicity.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] women exposed to phthalates during pregnancy are at increased risk for delivering preterm, but the mechanism behind this relationship is unknown.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] exposure to certain phthalates during pregnancy may be associated with long-term weight change in women.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] menstrual cycle-specific estimates of urinary bpa and phthalate metabolites were not associated with detrimental alterations in follicular-phase length, time to pregnancy, or early pregnancy loss, and in fact, dehp [di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate] metabolites {meohp [mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate] and σdehp} were associated with reduced early loss.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] certain phthalates and bisphenol a (bpa) show reproductive effects in animal studies and potentially affect human ovulation, conception, and pregnancy loss.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] these results demonstrate considerable phthalate exposures during pregnancy among women in these two cohorts and indicate that inhalation is an important route of exposure.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] multiple linear regression for each offspring sex indicated that prenatal phthalate exposure increased placental thickness in both the first and second trimesters in males, whereas the corresponding relationship was close to null in females.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] our results suggest that female exposure to mep may have an adverse effect on female fecundity, but these findings need to be replicated in a larger and newer cohort study with sufficient exposure contrast if the use of diethyl phthalate (dep) and thereby mep in the future potentially should be regulated in cosmetics and industrial consumer products.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] although phthalate exposure has been associated with reduced birth weight in humans, there is limited epidemiologic evidence on whether the placenta is also affected.

Do phthalates reduce the likelihood of pregnancy in women? [SEP] we find that phthalate exposure is associated with thyroid function in mid-pregnancy among norwegian women, and that iodine intake, which is essential for thyroid health, could influence some of these relationships. |||

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] ginseng extracts show cognition-enhancing effects in alzheimer's disease (ad) patients.

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] recent experimental evidences suggest protective and trophic effects of ginseng in the memory function of alzheimer disease (ad).

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] ginseng has been shown to produce a cognitive improvement effect.

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy and adverse effects of ginseng given to improve cognitive performance in healthy participants, participants with cognitive impairment or dementia.to highlight the quality and quantity of research evidence available.

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] the effects of ginseng in healthy participants, participants with cognitive impairment or dementia were addressed independently.

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] ginseng has been reported to improve cognitive function in animals and in healthy and cognitively impaired individuals.

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] these results demonstrate the potential efficacy of a heat-processed form of ginseng on cognitive function and behavioral symptoms in patients with moderately severe ad.

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] ginseng has been used to alleviate age-related dementia and memory deterioration for thousands of years.

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] in this study, we investigated the efficacy of a heat-processed form of ginseng that contains more potent ginsenosides than raw ginseng in the treatment of cognitive impairment in patients with moderately severe alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] these results suggest that panax ginseng is clinically effective in the cognitive performance of ad patients.

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] here, we discuss the therapeutic potential of active ginseng components in cognitive impairment and their chemistry and pharmacokinetics and consider prospects for their delivery and clinical study with respect to cognitive impairment.

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] ginseng has various medical applications, and it seems to have significant effects as a cognition-enhancing drug.

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] studies have showed that ginsenoside rg1 improves the memory impairment associated with alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] cognitive performances were monitored using the mini-mental state examination (mmse) and alzheimer disease assessment scale (adas) during 12 weeks of the ginseng treatment and at 12 weeks after the ginseng discontinuation.

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] thus, we investigated the clinical efficacy of panax ginseng in the cognitive performance of ad patients in an open-label study.

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] here, we report that a minor ginsenoside f1 improves memory function in appswe/psen1de9 (app/ps1) double-transgenic alzheimer's disease (ad) model mice.

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] after ginseng treatment, the cognitive subscale of adas and the mmse score began to show improvements and continued up to 12 weeks (p=0.029 and p=0.009 vs. baseline, respectively).

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] numerous preclinical studies have confirmed that ginseng and its active components such as ginsenosides, gintonin, and compound k are pharmacologically efficacious in different models of and are linked to cognitive impairment.

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] the study aimed to explore the therapeutic effect of ginseng protein (gp) on alzheimer's disease and its correlation with the pi3k/akt signaling pathway to understand the mechanism underlying the neuroprotective effect of ginseng.

Does ginseng improve mental performance in healthy individuals and patients with Alzheimer's dementia? [SEP] currently, there is a lack of convincing evidence to show a cognitive enhancing effect of panax ginseng in healthy participants and no high quality evidence about its efficacy in patients with dementia. |||

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] 'leaky gut' has been found in intestinal and extra-intestinal diseases.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] intestinal diseases, such as inflammatory bowel disease (ibd), are characterized by an impaired gut-blood barrier commonly referred to as 'leaky gut'.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] the objectives of this review on 'leaky gut' for clinicians are to discuss the components of the intestinal barrier, the diverse measurements of intestinal permeability, their perturbation in non-inflammatory 'stressed states' and the impact of treatment with dietary factors.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] whereas inflammatory or ulcerating intestinal diseases result in leaky gut, no such disease can be cured by simply normalising intestinal barrier function.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] it is now believed that disordered gut function (including abnormalities like disturbances of motility such as postprandial fundic relaxation, gastric emptying and disturbed visceral sensory function) play a key role for the manifestation of these disorders.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] dietary factors can reverse intestinal leakiness and mucosal damage in the 'stress' disorders.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] the symptom "constipation" in patients with lower gut complaints predicted a functional disorder rather than a classic organic disease with a high specificity.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] information on 'healthy' or 'leaky' gut in the public domain requires confirmation before endorsing dietary exclusions, replacement with non-irritating foods (such as fermented foods) or use of supplements to repair the damage.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] functional bowel disorders (i.e., constipation and diarrhea) are characterized by abdominal pain, bloating, distention, and/or bowel habit abnormalities in the absence of obvious anatomic or physiologic abnormalities on routine diagnostic tests.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] functional gastrointestinal disorders, such as functional dyspepsia (fd) and irritable bowel syndrome, are common pathologies of the gut.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] constipation is one of the most common digestive complaints.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] functional gut disorders include several clinical entities defined on the basis of symptom patterns (e.g., functional dyspepsia, irritable bowel syndrome, functional abdominal pain, functional abdominal bloating), for which there is no established pathophysiological mechanism.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] the aim of this study was to determine whether heightened perception of gut distention in irritable bowel syndrome is related to either decreased gut compliance, altered mechanosensitive afferents, or nonspecific sensory dysfunction.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] in many cases dyspepsia coincides with the irritable bowel syndrome.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] experimental studies have shown gut hypersensitivity in irritable bowel syndrome.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] functional gastrointestinal disorders (fgid), such as functional dyspepsia (fd) and irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) are characterized by chronic abdominal symptoms in the absence of an organic, metabolic or systemic cause that readily explains these complaints.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) is the most common functional disorder in the gut.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] it consists of a variable combination of symptoms including abdominal pain or discomfort, postprandial fullness, abdominal bloating, early satiety, nausea, vomiting, heartburn and acid regurgitation.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] it is a symptom, not a disease.

Does leaky gut syndrome cause health complaints or diseases? [SEP] possible shared pathophysiologic mechanisms include altered mucosal permeability, an altered interaction of luminal flora with the mucosal immune system, persistent mucosal immune activation, alterations in gut motility, and a role of severe, sustained life stressors in symptom modulation. |||

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] randomised controlled trial evidence indicates that alexander technique is clinically and cost effective for chronic back pain.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] to evaluate clinical effectiveness of alexander technique lessons or acupuncture versus usual care for persons with chronic, nonspecific neck pain.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] the alexander technique (at) aims to improve postural coordination by using conscious processes to alter automatic postural coordination and ongoing muscular activity, and it has been reported to reduce low back pain.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] acupuncture sessions and alexander technique lessons both led to significant reductions in neck pain and associated disability compared with usual care at 12 months.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] lessons in the alexander technique and exercise prescription proved effective for managing low back pain in primary care in a clinical trial.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] thematic analysis of the interviews suggested that at follow-up many patients who had learned the alexander technique felt they could manage back pain better.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] 'the alexander technique' is a taught form of physical therapy involving a series of movements designed to correct posture and bring the body into natural alignment with the object of helping it to function efficiently, and is reported to aid relaxation.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] "the alexander technique" is a taught form of physical therapy involving a series of movements designed to correct posture and bring the body into natural alignment with the object of helping it to function efficiently, and is reported to aid relaxation.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] alexander technique lessons may be used as another approach to pain management.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] the alexander technique provides neuromuscular re-education and may also influence anticipation of pain.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] spinal manipulation (sm) has been purported to decrease pain and improve function in subjects with non-specific neck pain.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] the alexander technique (at) is used to improve postural and movement coordination and has been reported to be clinically beneficial, however its effect on movement coordination is not well-characterized.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] the alexander technique (at) seeks to eliminate harmful patterns of tension that interfere with the control of posture and movement and in doing so, it may serve as a viable intervention method for increasing gait efficacy in older adults.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] a randomized controlled trial with three groups, one receiving lessons in the alexander technique, another receiving massage and one with no additional intervention.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] this case report describes the use of the at with a client with low back pain and the observed changes in automatic postural responses and back pain.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] both maneuvers improved neck mobility and mechanosensitivity and reduced pain in the short term.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] the alexander technique involves learning about stress-induced bad habits, such as tightening the neck muscles.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] to determine whether the alexander technique, alongside normal treatment, is of benefit to people disabled by idiopathic parkinson's disease.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] the paper also describes how the alexander technique is used by women in pregnancy and childbirth and explains why it is beneficial.

Does the Alexander Technique help with back pain and neck pain? [SEP] the aim of this mixed methods evaluation was to explore the role and perceived impact of alexander technique lessons in the naturalistic setting of an acute hospital pain management clinic in england. |||

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] moringa oleifera is a tropical plant with high nutritional and medicinal value.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] the moringa plant (moringa oleifera) is known for its potential medicinal properties and health benefits in addition to its high nutritional value.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] overall, it has been well documented that moringa oleifera leaves are a good strategic for various conditions associated with heart disease, diabetes, cancer and fatty liver.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] moringa oleifera lam., a multipurpose tree, is used traditionally for its nutritional and medicinal properties.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] we investigated the effect of moringa oleifera lam.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] moringa oleifera leaves are the most widely studied and they have shown to be beneficial in several chronic conditions, including hypercholesterolemia, high blood pressure, diabetes, insulin resistance, non-alcoholic liver disease, cancer and overall inflammation.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] moringa oleifera contains essential amino acids, carotenoids in leaves, and components with nutraceutical properties, supporting the idea of using this plant as a nutritional supplement or constituent in food preparation.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] moringa oleifera l. is greatly appreciated for its high content of phytochemicals.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] moringa oleifera is a multi-purpose herbal plant used as human food and an alternative for medicinal purposes worldwide.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] in addition, moringa oleifera lam.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] moringa oleifera plant has been widely used for a vast number of folkloric medicinal purposes.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] moringa oleifera, also known as horseradish tree or drumstick tree, has strong antioxidant properties.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] in this regard, moringa oleifera is currently being studied for its nutritional value and its total phenolic content.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] an important factor that accounts for the medicinal uses of moringa oleifera is its very wide range of vital antioxidants, antibiotics and nutrients including vitamins and minerals.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] moringa oleifera also known as horseradish tree or drumstick tree, have multiple nutraceutical or pharmacological functions.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] moringa oleifera lam.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] moringa oleifera lam.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] moringa oleifera lam.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] our results suggest that moringa oleifera lam.

Do the components of the Moringa oleifera tree have a positive effect on health? [SEP] moringa oleifera, a fast-growing deciduous tree that is widely cultivated in tropical and subtropical regions of the world, is well known for its abundant uses. |||

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] previous investigations suggest the use of extract from the root of pelargonium sidoides (eps 7630) for the therapy of uncomplicated acute upper airway inflammations, due to its strong antimicrobial and immunomodulatory effect.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] previous investigations suggest the use of extract from the roots of pelargonium sidoides (eps 7630) for improvement of the symptoms of uncomplicated upper airway inflammations, due to its antimicrobial and immunomodulatory actions.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] pelargonium sidoides dc (geraniaceae) is a medicinal plant indigenous to southern africa that has been widely evaluated for its use in the treatment of upper respiratory tract infections.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] the root extract of pelargonium sidoides dc (geraniaceae), eps® 7630, is currently used to treat respiratory tract infections.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] context pelargonium sidoides dc (geraniaceae) is an important medicinal plant indigenous to south africa and lesotho.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] a modern aqueous-ethanolic formulation of the roots of pelargonium sidoides (eps 7630), elaborated from the traditional herbal medicine used in areas of southern africa, is effectively employed for the treatment of ent and respiratory tract infections in modern phytotherapy.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] pelargonium sidoides is a medical herb and respective extracts are used very frequently for the treatment of respiratory tract infections.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] (geraniaceae) was traditionally used for the treatment of the common cold and cough in south africa.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] the medicinal plant pelargonium sidoides dc.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] today an aequous-ethanolic root extract from this plant is approved for the treatment of acute bronchitis and is globally marketed also as an immunostimulant.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] it is concluded that aqueous leaf extract of b. pinnatum possesses antispasmodic effects on the guinea pig tracheal rings.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] aqueous leaf extract of bryophyllum pinnatum lam (crassulaceae) is used as a cough remedy and for the prophylaxis of asthma.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] objective this study evaluates the anti-proliferative effects of a pelargonium sidoides radix mother tincture (pst).

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] geranium sibiricum (geraniaceae) linne (gsl) is used to heal various disorders of the diarrhea and the intestinal inflammation as an herbal agent in east asia.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] pelargonium sidoides is an important traditional medicine in south africa with a well-defined history of both traditional and documented use of an aqueous-ethanolic formulation of the roots of p. sidoides (eps 7630), which is successfully employed for the treatment of respiratory tract infections.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] eps 7630 is an extract of the root of the south african geranium pelargonium sidoides.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] clinical data have shown that this herbal drug preparation can be used to treat upper respiratory tract infections (urti).

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] little is known regarding the anticancer properties of pelargonium sidoides extracts.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] however, the effects of pelargonium sidoides and a special extract prepared from its roots (eps 7630) on human immune cells are not fully understood.

Does an extract from the root of the Cape geranium (Pelargonium sidoides, Umckaloabo) work against bronchitis? [SEP] the current data provide strong evidence for a potent anti-adhesion principle of the pelargonium sidoides root extract related to specific proanthocyanidins. |||

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] geranium schiedeanum has been used in traditional therapies as an antiseptic, antipyretic, and as analgesic.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] geraniol is a monoterpene alcohol that has anti-fungal, anti-cancer and anti-nociceptive properties, but its anti-allergic rhinitis (ar) property is unclear.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] geranium oil has been used traditionally for diarrhea, dermatitis, and intestinal inflammation in east asia.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] our study suggests that the shoseiryu-to may alleviate nasal symptoms in allergic rhinitis through control of the allergen-induced inflammatory process.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] these results suggested that citronellol and geraniol exhibit anti-inflammatory activities, supporting their common use and demonstrating their therapeutic potential for inflammation-associated disorders.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] in ova-induced ar models, geraniol treatment was able to suppress ar biomarkers (ova-specific ige and il-1β as well as histamine) and nasal rub scores.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] geraniol was found to inhibit both tnf-α, il-1β and il-6 protein and mrna expressions at concentrations of 40, 80, 160 μm.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] sinupret(®), a herbal medicinal product made from gentian root, primula flower, elder flower, sorrel herb, and verbena herb is frequently used in the treatment of acute and chronic rhinosinusitis and respiratory viral infections such as common cold.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] the results showed that genistein attenuated ova-induced airway inflammation, decreased th2-type cytokines and increased th1-type cytokines.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] previous studies have shown that genistein decreased airway inflammation in allergic asthma.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] guettarda speciosa is known in traditional folk medicine for treating cough, cold, sore throat, fever, wounds, epilepsy, and headaches.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] determine if a specific formulation of camellia sinensis (csf) can prevent illness and symptoms due to cold and flu, and enhance gammadelta t cell function  randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] g. gargal extract significantly reduced airway hyperresponsiveness, lung eosinophilic infiltration, lung interleukin (il)-13 expression, and plasma ige level and significantly increased il-10 plasma levels compared to untreated control mice.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] in conclusion, we demonstrated that the pollen-induced biphasic nasal blockage and nasal hyperresponsiveness were suppressed by the daily treatment with gl in the guinea pig model of allergic rhinitis.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] overall, these observations show that g. gargal extract augments the lung population of regulatory t cells and ameliorates allergic inflammation and airway hyperresponsiveness in mice with allergic bronchial asthma, suggesting the potential therapeutic benefit of g. gargal extract in allergic diseases.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] our data highlights that the anti-inflammatory properties of geraniol on ar-related markers in activated hcm-1 cells and ova-induced ar models may be mediated through the regulation of the mapk/nf-κb signaling pathway.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] the aim of this study was to determine the effects of geranium oil's characteristic components, citronellol and geraniol, on lipopolysaccharide (lps)-induced nitric oxide (no) and prostaglandin e(2) (pge(2)) production in raw 264.7 macrophages.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] these results suggest that gl may be a useful therapeutic drug for treating patients with allergic rhinitis.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] galgeun-tang water extract (ggwe) is used to treat various diseases such as the common cold, eczema and asthma in china and korea.

Does geranium extract help against colds and sinusitis??? [SEP] in this study, the anti-inflammatory role and its possible mechanisms of geraniol in human mast cell line (hmc-1) cells stimulated by inflammatory trigger phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate plus a23187 (pmaci), as well as in ovalbumin (ova)-induced ar mice models were investigated. |||

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] a favorable role for dheas in successful aging is proposed.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] increasing numbers of middle-aged and older individuals consume over-the-counter preparations of dhea, hoping it will retard aging by increasing muscle and bone mass and strength, decreasing fat, and improving immunologic and neurobehavioral functions.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] in view of the theoretical possibility of beneficial effects of dhea or dheas in retarding age-associated deterioration in cognitive function, we have reviewed studies in this area.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) is a widespread nutritional "anti-aging" supplement.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) is widely used as a nutritional supplement, and administration of dhea produces a number of beneficial effects in the elderly.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] dietary supplements of the adrernocertical hormone dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) are widely taken in the hope of staving off the aging process.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] these results increase our understanding of the molecular mechanism of the anti-ageing effect of dhea.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] the adrenal steroid hormone dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) and its sulfated derivative [dhea(s)] have been extensively studied for their potential anti-aging effects.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) concentration decreases with age, therefore, dhea has been considered a hormone that reduces the symptoms associated with aging, so the usefulness of dhea in premenopausal and postmenopausal women, and the options of hormone therapy have received a large amount of attention.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] it has been suggested that dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) might be able to temporarily slow down the aging process.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) has attracted considerable attention as a means against the decrements of aging.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] serum dhea concentrations decline with advancing age and dhea supplementation in elderly people has been advertized as anti-aging medication.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] being one among other important hormonal factors, dhea can delay and correct age-related disorders only to a certain degree.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] the collected data indicate that dhea supplementation to counteract its gradual decrease over age is beneficiary.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] serum concentrations of dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) and its sulfate ester (sdhea) decrease dramatically with age in parallel with the appearance of age-related health problems, leading to the suggestion that dhea replacement therapy may be beneficial in older patients.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] although dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) is widely used in the elderly to prevent some adverse effects of ageing, possible deleterious side effects have not been fully assessed.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] in the united states, dhea is widely available as an over-the-counter supplement that individuals are using in an effort to ameliorate age-related cognitive and physical changes.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] associated with aging, dhea levels decline in humans, whereas other adrenal hormones remain unchanged, suggesting that dhea may be important in the aging process.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] serum and plasma dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (dheas) concentration has been associated with several health parameters associated with aging including cognitive function, bone mineral density, and muscular strength.

Does taking DHEA have an anti-aging effect by increasing the physical and mental well-being of older people? [SEP] dhea supplementation ameliorated ivf outcomes but without a consequence on pregnancy rate in older patients and decreased sa-β-gal activity in cc and ho23 cells, suggesting that dhea might be used as a possible intervention to slow down ovarian aging. |||

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] a favorable role for dheas in successful aging is proposed.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] despite limited scientific data, dhea has gained recognition as a dietary supplement to reduce the symptoms of aging and improve well-being.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) is a widespread nutritional "anti-aging" supplement.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) is widely used as a nutritional supplement, and administration of dhea produces a number of beneficial effects in the elderly.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] these results increase our understanding of the molecular mechanism of the anti-ageing effect of dhea.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] in view of the theoretical possibility of beneficial effects of dhea or dheas in retarding age-associated deterioration in cognitive function, we have reviewed studies in this area.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] several studies have shown that dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) has promising uses in a large range of pathologies including age-related illnesses (osteoporosis, atherosclerosis), immune dysfunctions, and cancer.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) has attracted considerable attention as a means against the decrements of aging.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] the collected data indicate that dhea supplementation to counteract its gradual decrease over age is beneficiary.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] serum concentrations of dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) and its sulfate ester (sdhea) decrease dramatically with age in parallel with the appearance of age-related health problems, leading to the suggestion that dhea replacement therapy may be beneficial in older patients.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] it has been suggested that dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) might be able to temporarily slow down the aging process.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] being one among other important hormonal factors, dhea can delay and correct age-related disorders only to a certain degree.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] the adrenal steroid hormone dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) and its sulfated derivative [dhea(s)] have been extensively studied for their potential anti-aging effects.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] dehydroepiandrosterone (dhea) concentration decreases with age, therefore, dhea has been considered a hormone that reduces the symptoms associated with aging, so the usefulness of dhea in premenopausal and postmenopausal women, and the options of hormone therapy have received a large amount of attention.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] this review will summarize clinical studies evaluating dhea as a treatment option for age-related conditions and diseases.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] this study attempted to investigate the clinical benefits of dhea in older patients and the anti-senescence effect of dhea on cumulus cells (cc) and human ovarian granulosa cells (ho23 cell line).

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] associated with aging, dhea levels decline in humans, whereas other adrenal hormones remain unchanged, suggesting that dhea may be important in the aging process.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (dheas), the major circulating adrenal hormone, has been suggested to have a role in many aging related diseases and perhaps in aging itself.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] dhea supplementation ameliorated ivf outcomes but without a consequence on pregnancy rate in older patients and decreased sa-β-gal activity in cc and ho23 cells, suggesting that dhea might be used as a possible intervention to slow down ovarian aging.

Can DHEA prolong life or improve health in old age? [SEP] the goal of this article is to critically review published studies to determine if there is a role for dhea supplementation in postmenopausal women. |||

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] while the concentration of fluoride in artificially fluoridated water (1 mg fl-1) is generally considered to be "safe", levels of fluoride present in a number of widely used dental health products, such as fluoride-containing toothpaste, appear to be potentially mutagenic.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] although fluoride has been widely used in toothpaste, mouthwash, and drinking water to prevent dental caries, the excessive intake of fluoride can cause fluorosis which is associated with dental, skeletal, and soft tissue fluorosis.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] the early use of fluoride dentifrice and use of larger quantities recently have been identified as risk factors for dental fluorosis.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] although fluoride is known to reduce the incidence of caries, chronic excessive fluoride exposure can impair human health, even resulting in fluorosis.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] prolonged ingestion of fluoride adversely affects the teeth, bones and other organs and alters their anatomy and physiology.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] acute or chronic exposure to high fluoride doses can result in dental enamel and skeletal and soft tissue fluorosis.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] toothbrushing with fluoride dentifrice has become an important public health measure in preventing caries and gingivitis.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] fluoride is an effective caries prophylactic, but at high doses can also be an environmental health hazard.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] results suggest that fluoride dentifrice use among infants varies greatly, can be substantial, and can be a risk factor for dental, fluorosis.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] the extensive literature on water fluoridation and fluoride supplementation is discussed, looking critically at the benefits of systemic fluoride availability in the prevention of dental caries and at the adverse factors of enamel fluorosis which can occur from the ingestion of too much fluoride during the period of tooth development.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] this article reviews pertinent literature concerning dental fluorosis (definition, appearance, prevalence), pre- and post-eruptive use of fluoride, esthetic perceptions of dental fluorosis, fluoride levels of beverages and foods, the iowa fluoride study, and the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention's "recommendations for using fluoride to prevent and control dental caries in the united states."

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] recent studies suggest that fluoride may be genotoxic.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] although highly beneficial for dental health, low concentrations of fluoride in environmental waters may be toxic to several organisms.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] the biphasic actions of fluoride imply that excessive systemic exposure to fluoride can cause harmful effects on embryonic development in both animal models and humans.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] fluoride toxicology and epidemiology documents frequent unspecific chronic gastrointestinal symptoms and intestinal inflammation.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] the results suggest that overexposure to fluoride (160-320 μm) can induce cytotoxicity and regulate relevant genes expression.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] this paper reports on patterns of fluoride dentifrice use among a birth cohort up to 12 months of age as reported by mothers by written questionnaire.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] however, excess fluoride may represent a hazard to human health, especially by causing injury to genetic material.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] however, little is known about fluoride dentifrice use and ingestion among infants and young children whose developing permanent teeth are at risk for dental fluorosis.

Can the proper use of fluoride toothpaste cause serious long-term health problems? [SEP] fluoride induces cell stress, including endoplasmic reticulum stress and oxidative stress, which leads to impairment of ameloblasts responsible for dental enamel formation. |||

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] with more than 50 years of clinical success, fluoride serves as the gold standard agent for preventing tooth decay.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] although it is generally accepted that the presence of fluoride in the enamel protects teeth against carious attack, at the same time, there is some concern that ingestion of fluoride from toothpastes may substantially contribute to the total intake of this element.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] while the clinical anticaries efficacy of fluoride toothpaste is now without question, our understanding of the relation of fluoride efficacy to brushing time and dentifrice quantity is limited.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] while fluoride has had a dramatic effect in reducing the rate of caries, it has failed to provide complete protection against caries development, and tooth decay is still widely prevalent.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] toothbrushing with fluoride dentifrice has become an important public health measure in preventing caries and gingivitis.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] fluoridated toothpaste is effective for dental caries control, yet may be a risk factor for dental fluorosis.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] the results of the present study suggest that there is considerable salivary fluoride retention after brushing with fluoride dentifrices.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] the present study was aimed to clinically evaluate the salivary fluoride retention of dentifrices containing low fluoride concentration in 50 children, aged 7-9 years before, during and after the use of fluoride toothpaste.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] in order to enable the use of fluoride dentifrice effectively in daily brushing, the present study was performed to examine the relationship between fluoride uptake and the amount of fluoride dentifrice used and brushing time for adults.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] toothpastes are the most universally accepted form of fluoride delivery for caries prevention.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] also, fluoride dissolving from topically treated enamel reduced the acid production in covering layers of oral bacteria in vitro.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] does adaptation of plaque to fluoride affect its cariogenicity?

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] in conclusion, the results of this preliminary, short-term usage study suggest for the first time that both brushing time and dentifrice quantity may be important determinants both of fluoride retention in the oral cavity and consequent enamel remineralization.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] compared to 0.5 g dentifrice, brushing with 1.5 g dentifrice more than doubled the fluoride recovered in saliva after brushing and increased efu.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] the purpose of this paper is to report an investigation of the link between oral fluoride levels and applied fluoride dose from dentifrices.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] the regular use of fluoride varnishes/toothpastes can result in the absorption of fluoride into the sealant.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] the present study was undertaken to clinically evaluate the fluoride uptake by human enamel after the use of lower concentrations of fluoride dentifrices and compare their potency to higher concentration in increasing the uptake of fluoride by enamel.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] to provide anti-caries benefits, they must be able to release fluoride during the time of tooth brushing or post brushing into the oral cavity.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] the participants were requested to brush daily with a fluoride toothpaste during the study period.

Does fluoride toothpaste prevent tooth decay? [SEP] the results of this study showed that enamelon toothpaste was generally more effective in preventing demineralization of enamel than the fluoride dentifrice at 0.5 and 1.5 hours, and the non-fluoride control dentifrice at all time measurements. |||

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] the mangosteen (garcinia mangostana) is a tropical fruit native to southeast asia and has long been reported to contain multiple health promoting properties.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] recent studies have shown mangosteen has many health benefits.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] mangosteen, a fruit mainly produced in southeast asia, has been used as food and as an antipyretic and for treating skin diseases.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] mangosteen is a xanthone-containing fruit found in southeast asia for which health claims include maintaining healthy immune and gastrointestinal systems to slowing the progression of tumor growth and neurodegenerative diseases.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] the outcome of this study showed that the mangosteen-based formula significantly increases antioxidant capacity and possesses anti-inflammatory benefits with no side effects on immune, hepatic, and renal functions for long-term consumption.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] in this study, we aimed to determine the effects of a mangosteen-based beverage on antioxidant and anti-inflammatory and immunity biomarkers in plasma of healthy adults.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] mangosteen is a tropical fruit native to southeast asia.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] mangosteen (garcinia mangostana l., guttiferae) is a tropical fruit renowned for its pleasant taste, rich nutrition, and medicinal value.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] the tropical mangosteen fruit has long been prized in southeast asia for its traditional healing properties.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] mangosteen (garcinia mangostana l.) is one of the most popular tropical fruits (called the "queen of fruits"), and is a rich source of oxygenated and prenylated xanthone derivatives.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] mangosteen fruit juice is now available in the united states and marketed for its purported health benefits.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] mangosteen (garcinia mangostana) is a tropical fruit cultivated mainly in southeast asia.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] mangosteen (garcinia mangostana l.) fruit has a unique sweet-sour taste and is rich in beneficial compounds such as xanthones.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] in this review, we have covered recent articles within the years of 2016 to 2018 which focus on several aspects including the latest findings on the compound composition of mangosteen fruit as well as its medicinal usages.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] mango is a popular tropical fruit with special taste, high nutritional value and health-enhancing metabolites.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] the bioactive compound was also detected in extract from fresh mangosteen flesh, which indicated that the popular fruit could have potential cytotoxic activity for cancer cell lines.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] these findings open novel possibilities for the use of mango as a source of bioactive compounds.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] mangosteen, garcinia mangostana l., is known as the "queen of fruits" and can be cultivated in the tropical rainforest such as malaysia, indonesia, and thailand.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] furthermore, we have also described the benefits of mangosteen extract in protecting various human organs such as liver, skin, joint, eye, neuron, bowel, and cardiovascular tissues against disorders and diseases.

Do products with the tropical fruit mangosteen promote health? [SEP] xanthones, the major components of mangosteen fruit, have been implicated in such effects. |||

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] these results suggest a role for organic acids in the antifungal effect of excilor(®) (acetic acid, ethyl lactate) and nailner(®) (lactic acid, citric acid, ethyl lactate) as all tested formulations without organic acids were inactive.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] alternatively, the application of antifungal lacquer to fingernail and toenail fungal infections may also be an effective topical therapy for the treatment of less severe forms of onychomycosis.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] antimycotic nail lacquers are effective and safe for the treatment of onychomycosis.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] traditionally, topical agents used as monotherapy for onychomycosis are only able to inhibit the growth of fungal nail infections; clinical and mycologic cures have recently been observed after treatment with some of the newer preparations.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] of all commercial nail formulations, only excilor(®) and nailner(®) demonstrated inhibitory activity, which was much lower compared to the daily application of loceryl(®) .

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] the use of antifungal nail lacquers in combination with oral agents, such as terbinafine and itraconazole, improves efficacy of antifungal therapy.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] the present study aimed at evaluating the antimycotic activity of a new water-soluble nail lacquer containing cpx (cpx/sol), easily removable by washing with water and applicable to periungual skin.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] topical antifungal nail lacquers have been formulated to provide better delivery of the antifungal agent to the nail unit.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] amorolfine nail lacquer was mentioned as an effective treatment for non-dermatophyte nail infection.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] this study supported that amorolfine nail lacquer provided promising efficacy in the treatment of neoscytalidium onychomycosis as a novel monotherapy regimen which were superior to topical urea cream with occlusion in every aspect.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] this study aimed to demonstrate efficacy and treatment outcomes of amorolfine nail lacquer in n. dimidiatum onychomycosis, compared with topical urea treatment.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] among 53 outpatients of n. dimidiatum infection, 28 (52.8%) were treated by amorolfine nail lacquer and other 26 (47.2%) by conventional topical urea cream with occlusion.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] conclusions application of the cpx/sol nail lacquer allows rapid nail penetration of cpx, providing cpx levels sufficient to inhibit fungal growth for a prolonged period of time (30 h) after application of lacquer dose.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] topical application of germicidal ultraviolet (uv) c radiation may be an acceptable and effective therapy for infected nails.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] the present study was set up to evaluate the efficacy and safety of a water-based, peelable nail polish (daily application), which acidifies the nail environment, versus a 5% amorolfine nail lacquer (weekly application) for topical treatment of mild-to-moderate onychomycosis.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] the present data demonstrate that by the use of this drug, the agent effectively penetrates the nail plate and affects the fungal cells.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] as onychomycosis is unsightly, this study clinically evaluated whether the antifungal efficacy of amorolfine 5% nail lacquer (nl) was affected by a masking, natural-coloured, cosmetic nail varnish applied 24 h later; in vitro investigations were also performed.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] the purpose of this research is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ciclopirox nail lacquer in the treatment of onychomycosis.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] an efficacious topical treatment alternative for onychomycosis involves applying antifungal agents concurrently or sequentially with the removal or debridement of the infected nail structures.

Are topical agents containing acids and oils, such as Excilor and Nailner, effective for nail fungus? [SEP] nails were treated with the drug ex vivo and compared to untreated controls. |||

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] how effective are diet, physical activity, and behavioral interventions in treating children aged 6 to 11 years with overweight or obesity?

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] a retrospective review was conducted in 135 children and adolescents (aged 6 to 19) who completed a 10-week medically supervised weight loss program.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] to evaluate the effects of an outpatient multidisciplinary weight loss intervention in reducing body mass index (bmi) in children and adolescents suffering overweight and obesity, changes in a body shape index (absi, waist circumference normalized to height and weight) and hip index (hi, normalized hip circumference) during treatment and correlation between the absi and hi with change in bmi z score.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] we analyze anthropometric data from pediatric patients affected by overweight and obesity aged 2 to 18 years old who entered our multidisciplinary weight loss intervention, which included medical, psychological and nutritional sessions, from january 1st 2006 to december 31st 2016.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] these results highlight the importance of multidisciplinary programs for the treatment of childhood obesity and emphasize their encouraging long-term effects.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] the aim of this review is to summarize the most effective types of intervention for treating obesity in children and adolescents.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] weight-related behaviors such as sedentary activity, physical activity, and diet have been the focus of efforts to prevent and reduce the occurrence of obesity and overweight in children, but few longitudinal studies have examined the effects of weight-related behaviors on changes in weight status over time in children.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] the efficiency of lifestyle intervention for childhood obesity has been proven by several randomized controlled trials and meta-analyses.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] to determine the effectiveness of interventions designed to prevent and treat obesity, and maintain weight loss.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] lifestyle intervention programs currently emphasize weight loss secondary to obesity as the primary determinant of phenotypic changes.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] further, weight loss interventions among children and adults alike tend to demonstrate efficacy in the short-term, however individuals tend to slowly revert back to their original weight status over time.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] weight loss maintenance approaches in childhood are thought to be promising, but a structured overview of these maintenance interventions is lacking.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] childhood obesity treatments should involve a combination of lifestyle changes including strategies to reduce energy intake, increase physical activity, reduce sedentary activities, facilitate family involvement and change behaviours associated with eating and physical activity.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] there is considerable evidence to suggest that obesity prevention initiatives can change children's behaviours and weight status over the short- or medium-term; however, there is far less evidence on which to judge the impact over the longer term.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] early prevention and treatment of childhood and adolescent obesity is mandated.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] due in part to suboptimal weight loss with lifestyle intervention alone, bariatric surgery, combined with ongoing lifestyle changes, has become a favorable approach in adolescents with severe obesity and weight-related comorbidities and is associated with effective weight loss and reducing weight-related comorbidities.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] although several intervention programs for children result in weight loss or stabilisation in the short term, preventing relapse after weight loss remains an important challenge.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] participation in multicomponent weight-management programs can positively influence self-esteem in children and adolescents affected by overweight or obesity; however, the variety of questionnaires used to assess self-esteem makes it difficult to compare changes across and identify effective interventions.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] these data may have implications for the weight loss-independent management of cardiometabolic risk in pediatric populations.

Can weight loss programs reduce obesity in children and adolescents? [SEP] to date, several attempts to achieve weight loss in children have been made, but little is known about their effects on improving eating behaviours. |||

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] one of the most popular herbal remedies for the alleviation of sleep problems is valerian.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] in conclusion, valerian could be a safe and effective herb to promote sleep and prevent associated disorders.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] valerian (valeriana officinalis l.) is a popular herbal medicine used as a sleep aid, however the outcomes of previous clinical studies are inconsistent.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] objective: to systematically review the evidence for the effects of the herb valerian (valeriana officinalis) on insomnia, based on randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trials.background: valerian has long been advocated and used for promoting sleep but until quite recently evidence was solely anecdotal.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] valerian (valeriana officinalis) is a commonly used herb that has been advocated for promoting sleep.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] the genus valeriana has been widely used in popular medicine for centuries, to treat sleep disorders, anxiety, epilepsy and insomnia.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] valeriana officinalis l. (valerian) is widely used as a traditional medicine to improve the quality of sleep.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] valerian is a traditional herbal sleep remedy that has been studied with a variety of methodologic designs using multiple dosages and preparations.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] valerian improves subjective experiences of sleep when taken nightly over one- to two-week periods, and it appears to be a safe sedative/hypnotic choice in patients with mild to moderate insomnia.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] while many prescription drugs are used to treat insomnia, extracts of valerian (valeriana officinalis l., valerianaceae) are also used for the treatment of insomnia and restlessness.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] the herb valerian may be useful as a mild sleep aid in clinical populations, such as persons with rheumatoid arthritis.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] valeriana officinalis l. is a popular herbal treatment for mild sleep disorders.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] due to these findings it is proposed that not sedative but anxiolytic and antidepressant activity, which was elaborated particularly in the special extract phytofin valerian 368, considerably contribute to the sleep-enhancing properties of valerian.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] this clinical study used standardized sleep eeg and psychometric tests to evaluate the clinical efficacy of a valerian preparation (li 156).

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] to present a pilot study of valerian to explore issues of feasibility and efficacy in studies of sedative herbs for arthritis-related sleep disturbance.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] valerian is an herbal preparation from the roots of valeriana officinalis used as an anxiolytic and sedative and in the treatment of insomnia.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] this suggests valerian at these doses is ineffective as an acute dose for sleep problems.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] more precisely, the observed short-term changes in activity pattern indicate that valerian extract as well as the flavonoids linarin and apigenin are rather effective to reduce sleep latency than to act as a sleep-maintaining agent.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] preclinical studies suggest that valerian has sedative and muscle-relaxant effects.

Does valerian help with sleep disorders? [SEP] valeriana officinalis extract (ve) is a popular herbal medicine used for the treatment of anxiety and sleep disorders. |||

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] milk thistle extracts have been used as a "liver tonic" for centuries.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] milk thistle, an herbal compound, is the dietary supplement taken most frequently by patients with chronic liver disease.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] milk thistle and its components are widely used as an alternative therapy for liver disease because of purported antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and iron chelating properties.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] although milk thistle has not significantly altered the course of chronic liver disease, it has reduced liver enzyme levels and demonstrated anti-inflammatory and t cell-modulating effects.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] preliminary clinical evaluations of milk thistle for cirrhosis of the liver indicate potential benefits in healthier patients with alcoholic cirrhosis.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] extracts of milk thistle have been recognized for centuries as "liver tonics" and are well-known to prevent or reverse hepatotoxicity of reactive drug metabolites or naturally occurring toxins.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] milk thistle (silybum marianum) has been used in humans for the treatment of liver disease because of its antioxidant properties and its ability to stabilize cell membranes and regulate cell permeability.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] eighteen randomised clinical trials assessed milk thistle in 1088 patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis b or c virus liver diseases.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] thirteen randomised clinical trials assessed milk thistle in 915 patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis b or c virus liver diseases.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] milk thistle or its purified extract, silymarin (silybum marianum), is widely used in treating acute or chronic hepatitis.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] milk thistle (silybum marianum) is a flowering herb utilized for its potentially protective effects on the liver.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] milk thistle (silybum marianum) is an herbal supplement used to treat liver and biliary disorders.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] the blessed milk thistle (silybum marianum l.), a flowering plant native to mediterranean europe, has been consumed and extensively used as a cure for various chronic liver ailments over several centuries.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] our results question the beneficial effects of milk thistle for patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis b or c virus liver diseases and highlight the lack of high-quality evidence to support this intervention.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] our results question the beneficial effects of milk thistle for patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis b or c virus liver diseases and highlight the lack of high-quality evidence to support this intervention.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] milk thistle (silybum marianum) extracts are widely used as a complementary and alternative treatment of various hepatic conditions and a host of other diseases/disorders.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] several trials have studied the effects of milk thistle for patients with liver diseases, cancer, hepatitis c, hiv, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia.

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] liver-related mortality was significantly reduced by milk thistle in all trials (rr 0.50, 95% ci 0.29 to 0.88), but not in high-quality trials (rr 0.57, 95% ci 0.28 to 1.19).

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] liver-related mortality was significantly reduced by milk thistle in all trials (rr 0.50, 95% ci 0.29 to 0.88), but not in high-quality trials (rr 0.57, 95% ci 0.28 to 1.19).

Is milk thistle extract an effective treatment for liver disease? [SEP] data are too limited to exclude a substantial benefit or harm of milk thistle on mortality, and also to support recommending this herbal compound for the treatment of liver disease. |||

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] to examine recent discoveries related to the amino acid metabolism and regulatory effects in aging, focusing on the development and treatment of age-related muscle loss (sarcopenia).

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] experimental evidence demonstrates that several physio-pathological processes involved in the onset of sarcopenia may be counteracted by the intake of specific amino acids or antioxidant molecules, suggesting that diet may represent an effective strategy for improving the anabolic response of muscle during aging.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] the protein intake of older people has gained increasing scientific interest as a potential factor to delay the age-associated decline in muscle mass and consequently to counteract the development of sarcopenia.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] decline in muscle mass, protein synthesis, and mitochondrial function occurs with age, and amino acids are reported to enhance both muscle protein synthesis and mitochondrial function.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] the current studies were conducted to determine whether a mixture of specific nutrients, arginine and lysine, which support protein synthesis, and beta-hydroxy-beta-methylbutyrate (hmb), which can slow protein breakdown, could blunt the gradual loss of muscle that occurs in the elderly, thus improving strength and functionality.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] in this review, we discuss to what extent aging affects skeletal muscle protein synthesis and how nutrition and exercise can be used strategically to overcome age-related protein synthesis impairments and slow the progression of sarcopenia.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] amino acids alone stimulate muscle protein synthesis in the elderly.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] protein and amino acid supplements can preserve muscle strength but the effect on function is variable.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] nutritional supplement allows the sarcopenic elderly to more conveniently meet their protein requirements.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] we conducted a systematic literature review and meta-analysis to investigate the effect of protein and amino acid supplementation on fat-free mass, muscle strength and physical function in malnourished, frail, sarcopenic, dependent or elderly with acute or chronic conditions, with or without rehabilitation exercise.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] the loss of skeletal muscle size and function with aging and sarcopenia may be related, in part, to an age-related muscle protein synthesis impairment.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] muscle loss with aging is associated with significant changes in amino acid metabolism, which can be acutely reversed using nutritional manipulations and exercise.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] with aging, skeletal muscle becomes resistant to the anabolic effect of dietary proteins and sarcopenia develops.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] supplemental branched-chain amino acids (bcaa) may also alleviate sarcopenia by promoting muscle protein synthesis and iron status improvement.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] here, we sought to probe whether long-term administration of oral amino acids (aas) can increase protein and adenosine triphosphate (atp) content in the gastrocnemius muscle of aged rats, enhancing functional performance.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] resistance exercise and milk-based protein supplementation have been demonstrated as significant countermeasures for sarcopenia and the loss of muscle strength.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] this review evaluates the effectiveness of dairy proteins on functions associated with sarcopenia in middle-aged and older adults.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] we previously showed that free-form essential amino acids acutely stimulate muscle protein synthesis in both the young and the elderly.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] it is unclear whether increasing dietary protein intake corrects postabsorptive muscle changes in aging.

Do dietary supplements with amino acids and proteins help against muscle atrophy in old age (sarcopenia)? [SEP] protein supplementation is suggested to improve muscle anabolism and function in younger and older adults. |||

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] what is the state of knowledge and evidence for a role of music in supporting the rehabilitation of movements after stroke?

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] we investigated effects of music-supported therapy (mst) in chronic stroke on motor, cognitive, and psychosocial functions compared to conventional physical training (grasp).

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] conclusion: incorporating patient-selected music with in-patient physical rehabilitation may be a feasible intervention for patients with acute stroke.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] in order to explore the plasticity effects of music-supported therapy, this therapeutic intervention was applied to twenty chronic stroke patients.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] the purpose of this article is to educate nurses about music therapy and provide evidence for the therapeutic use of music in the rehabilitation setting for victims of stroke.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] on one hand, repetitive task-specific approaches with higher intensities of walking have been observed to result in greater improvements of gait after stroke.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] in line with this, musical rhythmicity improves post-stroke gait.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] individualized in-patient rehabilitation interventions improve balance and gait in patients with stroke.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] objective: to describe an in-patient rehabilitation intervention that rhythmically paired patient-selected music with rehabilitative interventions for a patient with acute stroke.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] in this brief perspective, i provide background context and information about stroke recovery in general, in order to spark reflection and discussion for how we think music may impact motor recovery, given the current clinical milieu.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] recovery of the sit-to-stand (sts) movement early after stroke could be improved by targeting physical therapy at the underlying movement deficits in those people likely to respond.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] robotic-assisted walking training after stroke aims to enhance the odd of regaining independent gait.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] patients affected by mild stroke benefit more from physiological overground walking training than walking-like training performed in place using specific devices.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] to compare the effects of an early treatment protocol of add-on robot-assisted gait training with add-on conventional overground physiotherapy for improving locomotion in non-ambulatory adult stroke patients.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] music-based therapy for rehabilitation induces neuromodulation at the brain level and improves the functional recovery.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] arrhythmic music listening modulates the spinal excitability during post-stroke walking, restoring the cpq reflex activity to normality.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] we raised the question whether music with irregular tempo (arrhythmic music), and its possible influence on attention would induce neuromodulation and improve the post-stroke gait.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] the ability to walk is commonly reported as a top rehabilitation priority for individuals after a stroke.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] our results support the hypothesis that an early treatment protocol of robot-assisted gait retraining is not superior to add-on conventional gait training intervention for improving locomotion in non-ambulatory stroke patients.

Can music therapy help people affected by stroke learn to walk normally again? [SEP] background: stroke can result in disabling impairments, affecting functional mobility, balance, and gait. |||

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] we investigated effects of music-supported therapy (mst) in chronic stroke on motor, cognitive, and psychosocial functions compared to conventional physical training (grasp).

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] we hypothesized that music interventions could improve rehabilitation outcomes after stroke.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] what is the state of knowledge and evidence for a role of music in supporting the rehabilitation of movements after stroke?

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] a preliminary investigation was initiated to explore the use of music as a means of improving general mobility, social interaction, and emotional stability in patients who have suffered a stroke.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] in order to explore the plasticity effects of music-supported therapy, this therapeutic intervention was applied to twenty chronic stroke patients.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] conclusion: incorporating patient-selected music with in-patient physical rehabilitation may be a feasible intervention for patients with acute stroke.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] the purpose of this article is to educate nurses about music therapy and provide evidence for the therapeutic use of music in the rehabilitation setting for victims of stroke.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] thus we see that music-supported therapy leads to marked improvements of motor function after stroke and that these are accompanied by electrophysiological changes indicative of a better cortical connectivity and improved activation of the motor cortex.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] music-supported therapy (mst) has been developed recently in order to improve the use of the affected upper extremity after stroke.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] music-supported therapy (mst) has been developed recently to improve the use of the affected upper extremity after stroke.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] taken together, musical sonification may be a promising therapy for impairments after stroke.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] additionally, it suggests that apart from the repetitive practices of mst, music may play a unique role in improving upper-limb motor function for post-stroke patients.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] music-supported therapy (mst) is a new approach for motor rehabilitation of stroke patients.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] music-based interventions have emerged as a promising tool in stroke motor rehabilitation as they integrate most of the principles of motor training and multimodal stimulation.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] the effect of music-supported therapy (mst) as a tool to restore hemiparesis of the upper extremity after a stroke has not been appropriately contrasted with conventional therapy.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] by extending an earlier study on the effects of music-supported therapy, behavioral indices of motor function as well as electrophysiological measures were obtained before and after a series of therapy sessions to assess whether this new treatment leads to neural reorganization and motor recovery in patients after stroke.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] this paper aims to review the use of music in the rehabilitation of upper extremity motor function after stroke.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] music-supported therapy (mst) is an innovative approach that was shown to improve manual dexterity in acute stroke survivors.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] objective: the aim of our review is to determine the effectiveness of different types of music interventions according to the rehabilitation objectives after stroke.

Can music therapy help stroke victims with other problems??? [SEP] music therapy as a clinical intervention has been demonstrated to improve mood states with a variety of populations, however, this has not yet been shown empirically with participants with neurological impairments. |||

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] disruption of any one of these genes increased lifespan up to 90% independent of food intake suggesting the perceived value of dietary protein is a critical determinant of its effect on lifespan.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] we show that optimal lifespan requires both high carbohydrate and low protein consumption, but neither nutrient by itself entirely predicts lifespan.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] however, how protein source (e.g., animal compared with plant protein) affects energy expenditure, appetite, and food intake as we age is unknown.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] the level of dietary protein determines the onset of reproduction, affects offspring growth and maturation, and hence influences life-history traits and fitness.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] in drosophila, while a substantial body of research suggests that protein is the major dietary component affecting longevity, recent studies claim that carbohydrates also play a central role.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] an increase in tissue-susceptibility to experimentally induced protein oxidation not only depends on tissue type and age, but also on the maximum lifespan potential of the species.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] proteins from plant-based compared with animal-based food sources may have different effects on cardiovascular disease (cvd) risk factors.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] while many studies have shown that nad(+) is important when lifespan is modulated by dietary means, it is uncertain whether or how nad(+) affects either formation or elimination of altered proteins.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] increased consumption of animal-derived protein is often advocated as a strategy to support physical performance in old age.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] this study demonstrates that the level of dietary protein influences the life-history of r. d. chakae in predictable ways.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] the pubmed database was searched for both chronic and acute interventional studies, as well as observational studies, in healthy humans or those with metabolic dysfunctions, in which the impact of animal and plant protein intake was compared while using the following variables: cholesterolemia and triglyceridemia, blood pressure, glucose homeostasis, and body composition.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] it has recently been demonstrated that as the ratio of protein to carbohydrate (p:c) in the diet declines, life span increases in drosophila.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] here we explored how extremely low dietary ratios of protein to carbohydrate affected longevity and a selection of variables associated with functional senescence.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] diets higher in protein have been reported to improve age-related changes in body composition via increased energy expenditure, shifts in substrate oxidation (so), and decreased appetite.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] there was a significant effect of time, age, and protein source on appetite (p < 0.05).

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] to assess the relationship of protein consumption and specific protein sources with physical function in older adults.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] numerous epidemiologic and intervention studies have evaluated their respective health benefits; however, it is difficult to isolate the role of plant or animal protein on cvd risk.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] dietary protein is derived from many food sources, and each provides a different composite of nonprotein compounds that can also affect cvd risk factors.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] life-history theory predicts that nutrition influences lifespan owing to trade-offs between allocating resources to reproduction, growth and repair.

Does plant or animal protein have an influence on lifespan? [SEP] oxidatively modified proteins have been shown to correlate with the age of an organism or its tissues. |||

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] as it is likely that the clinical similarity of the diverse infectious processes that can result in "colds" is due to a shared inflammatory response, an effect of chicken soup in mitigating inflammation could account for its attested benefits.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] chicken soup has long been regarded as a remedy for symptomatic upper respiratory tract infections.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] the present study, therefore, suggests that chicken soup may contain a number of substances with beneficial medicinal activity.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] a mild anti-inflammatory effect could be one mechanism by which the soup could result in the mitigation of symptomatic upper respiratory tract infections.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] chicken soup significantly inhibited neutrophil migration and did so in a concentration-dependent manner.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] to evaluate this, a traditional chicken soup was tested for its ability to inhibit neutrophil migration using the standard boyden blindwell chemotaxis chamber assay with zymosan-activated serum and fmet-leu-phe as chemoattractants.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] chicken soup is one of the most popular chinese-style soups due to its high nutritional value and special flavor.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] the results suggest that ss improved the flavor retention of chicken soup after 21 days of storage and is a potential alternative treatment compared to rs.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] this study focused on determining whether serving temperature modulates saltiness perception in soup-base products.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] this study demonstrates that soup serving temperature and consumer dietary habits are influential factors affecting saltiness perception of soup.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] to evaluate the antioxidant status of chicken during cold stress and to investigate if there are any beneficial effects of brahma rasayana supplementation in cold stressed chicken.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] all of the vegetables present in the soup and the chicken individually had inhibitory activity, although only the chicken lacked cytotoxic activity.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] more ha were detected in the soup than in the chicken, in most cases.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] the activity was present in a nonparticulate component of the chicken soup.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] this work investigated the effects of refrigerated storage (rs: 4 ± 1°c) and superchilled storage (ss: -2.5 ± 1°c) on non-volatile and volatile compounds in chicken soup made from chinese yellow-feather broilers.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] results of the present study conclude that in chicken, br supplementation during cold stress brings about enhanced actions of the enzymatic and non-enzymatic antioxidants, which nullify the undesired side effects of free radicals generated during cold stress.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] however, the nutrients, mainly soluble protein, in the soup are relatively low.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] there was an interaction between temperature-related perceived saltiness and preference; for example, consumers who preferred soups served at lower temperatures found soups served at higher temperatures to be less salty.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] recently, we reported that l-citrulline (l-cit) is a potential hypothermic agent that could improve thermotolerance in chicks.

Does chicken soup help with colds? [SEP] commercial soups varied greatly in their inhibitory activity. |||

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] traditional herbal medicines may be viable alternatives to corticosteroid therapy for treatment of asthma.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] certain herbal formulae from traditional chinese medicine (tcm) are effective for treating and preventing diseases in clinical practice.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] here, we sought to determine whether a. orientale has a therapeutic effect on acute lung injury (ali).

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] tea brewed from the leaves of persimmon or rosa agrestis have several medical functions including treating allergy, antiatopic dermatitis, and anti-inflammatory effects.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] it has been widely used as medicine in taiwan with the whole plant used to treat pulmonary congestion, pneumonia, bacterial infections of the respiratory tract, edema, and inflammation.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] this study was performed to evaluate the effects of chung-sang-bo-ha-tang (csbht), a herbal compound administrated therapeutically to asthma patients for centuries, on airway inflammation and remodeling in a murine model of chronic asthma.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] in the traditional system of medicine, leaves and stem bark of euphorbia tithymaloides l. have been used for the treatment of asthma, persistent coughing, laryngitis, skin diseases and mouth ulcers.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] to examine the mechanism by which such herbal remedies might be effective, we investigated the ability of tripterygium wilfordii hook-f (twhf) and tetrandrine (ttd) to affect human immune responsiveness in vitro.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] alismatis rhizoma has been used in east asia as a traditional treatment for various illnesses and symptoms, and the presence of protostane-type triterpenes has been claimed to provide health benefits.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] rosa roxburghii tratt and fagopyrum cymosum are two examples of plants which are reputed to have benefits in improving immune responses, enhancing digestive ability and demonstrating anti-aging effects.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] traditional medicine uses herbal infusions such as: lingonberry leaf (vitis idaeae folium), birch leaf (betulaefolium) wild thyme extract (serpylli herba), dwarf everlast flower (helichrysi inflorescentia), goldenrod (virgauneae herba, also called solidaginis herba), restharrow root (ononidis radix), agrimony (agrimoniae herba), rowanberry (sorbi aucupariae fructus), black elderberry (sambuci fructus), and juniper berry (juniperifrictus).

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] clinically, some traditional chinese herbal medicines have been thought to be effective in treating rheumatic diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] mahuang fuzi xixin decoction (mfxd) is a tcm that is used to treat allergic rhinitis (ar); however, the active ingredients and potential targets of its action against ar remain unclear.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] the successful derivation of pure bioactive compounds from ganoderma lucidum, ginseng and zingiber officinale supports the traditional practice of using these plants to stimulate the immune system.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] the results of the experiments carried out using the microtox test show that both in preventative medicine, as well as in aiding treatment of utis, the biggest benefit is brought by herbal infusions of wild thyme extract and birch leaf (at all concentrations), and also by infusions at higher concentrations (approx.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] traditional herbal medicine provides several remedies for strengthening the body's resistance to illness through effects on immune system components.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] together, our results provide evidence that a. orientale has a therapeutic effect on ali induced by sepsis.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] these plants have also potent immunomodulatory properties and in some situations possibly could be used instead of standard antibiotic therapy (e.g.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] the anti-inflammatory effects of ethyl acetate fractions of a. lavenia (eaal) were stimulated with lipopolysaccharide (lps) murine macrophages (raw 264.7) and lung injury in mice.

Do herbal remedies containing an extract of Chinese tragacanth root, such as Lectranal or Allvent, help against allergies? [SEP] plants belonging to the rhodiola genus, originating from asia, are traditionally used as tonic, adaptogen, antidepressant and anti-inflammatory drugs. |||

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] water is a major requirement for our body and water should be alkaline.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] we show here that watering by using alkaline water supplementation highly improves aging at the molecular level.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] we wanted to investigate the effect of the daily intake of alkaline water on the molecular hallmark of aging and the anti-oxidant response.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] this review contends that "healthy" water in terms of electrolyte balance is as important as "pure" water in promoting public health.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] this review tests the hypothesis that optimal chronic water intake positively impacts various aspects of health and proposes an evidence-based definition of optimal hydration.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] we watered a mouse model of aging with or without alkaline supplementation.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] consumption of hard water is presumed to protect against the development of arteriosclerotic diseases.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] boiling, disinfecting, and filtering water within the home can improve the microbiological quality of drinking water among the hundreds of millions of people who rely on unsafe water supplies.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] water is an essential nutrient for human body and a major key to survival has been to prevent dehydration.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] in view of the rising production and consumption of demineralized water in most parts of the world, there is a strong need for further research on the biological importance and protean roles of electrolyte abnormalities in promoting, antagonizing or otherwise enabling the development of cancer.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] neutral electrolyzed water was developed with new concepts of long-term good durability and minimum corrosiveness to metal in addition to its excellent bactericidal activities similar to acid type of electrolyzed waters.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] household water treatment and safe storage (hwts), such as boiling, filtering, or chlorinating water at home, have been shown to be effective in improving the microbiological quality of drinking water.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] substantial epidemiologic correlations support the "hard water effect" as sufficiently valid to warrant alteration of public water supplies as a public health measure.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] after appropriate dietary adjustments and add of mineral water, the needed amount of alkali supplementation can increase ph values of the urine in order to dissolve the stones.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] adequate daily water consumption is an important factor of keeping regular homeostasis.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] hydration, physical activity and exercise are key factors for enhancing human health.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] irrigation of the urinary tract with alkaline solutions may be used appropriately in some clinical situations to dissolve uric acid stones.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] therefore, in this review we analyze current evidence that support water therapy in nephrolithiasis and we highlight the possible effects of different types of water and other beverages on lithogenic risk, giving some practical recommendations for what stone formers should be advised to prevent recurrence.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] the present study examined the bactericidal effects of the neutral electrolyzed water on disinfection of the alginate impression of a dental arch model contaminated by bacteria.

Does alkaline water keep you healthy or can it prevent disease? [SEP] hydrogen-dissolved water has been shown to improve diverse oxidation stress-related diseases, which drove us to examine effects of hydrogen-rich water on oxidation stress-related skin troubles and lipid-metabolism markers. |||

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] valerian preparations alone or in combination with hops are popular over-the-counter products used for sleep disturbances or anxiety.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] these beneficial effects agree with the indication of hops for anxiety/mood disorders and restlessness, as approved by the german commission e.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] in otherwise healthy young adults reporting at least mild depression, anxietyand stress symptoms, daily supplementation with a hops dry extract can significantly improve all these symptoms over a 4-week period.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] significantly decreased dass-21 anxiety, depression and stress scores were documented with hops (9.2±7.3 vs. 5.1±5.9, 11.9±7.9 vs. 9.2±7.4, and 19.1±8.1 vs. 11.6±8.1; all p values <0.05), which were significantly greater compared to those caused by the placebo (all p values <0.05).

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] our aim was to study the effects of a hops dry extract on self-reported depression, anxiety and stress levels in young adults.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] hops (humulus lupulus, cannabinaceae) has been used in traditional european medicine as a mild sedative for the treatment of anxiety, nervousness, and insomnia.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] the humulus lupulus l. plant (hops) is used as a herbal medicinal product for anxiety/mood disorders.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] hops (humulus lupulus (l.)) dietary supplements are of interest as herbal remedies to alleviate menopausal symptoms, such as hot flushes, depression and anxiety.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] hop extracts might be useful for preventing obesity and glucose intolerance caused by a hf diet.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] humulus lupulus (hops) is traditionally used as a tranquilizing herbal remedy.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] hops also inhibit aromatase activity, which is linked to 8-pn.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] in addition to its efficacy for menopausal symptoms, hops can also modulate the chemical estrogen carcinogenesis pathway and potentially protect women from breast cancer.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] for the alleviation of menopausal symptoms, women frequently turn to botanical dietary supplements, such as licorice and hops.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] aqueous hop extract induced relaxation of endothelium-intact thoracic arterial rings in male and sham ovx rats, whereas a weak effect was observed in ovx rats.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] women seeking alternatives to hormone-replacement therapy for menopausal symptoms often try botanical dietary supplements containing extracts of hops (humulus lupulus l.).

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] the inhibitory effects of valerian and valerian/hops extracts as well as valerenic acid (a major constituent of valerian) on glucuronidation were evaluated in human liver microsomes and with expressed uridine 5'-diphosphate (udp)-glucuronosyltransferases (ugt).

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] botanical dietary supplements produced from hops (humulus lupulus) containing the chemopreventive compound xanthohumol and phytoestrogen 8-prenylnaringenin are used by women to manage menopausal symptoms.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] older women tend to take botanical supplements such as hops as natural alternatives to traditional hormone therapy to relieve menopausal symptoms.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] understanding the biological targets of hop dietary supplements and their phytoconstituents will ultimately lead to standardized botanical products with higher efficacy, safety, and chemopreventive properties.

Do remedies with hops or valerian help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] hops extract (250 mg kg(-1)) significantly decreased body temperature in male bl6/c57j mice (deltat -0.75 +/- 0.07 degrees c) 2 h after oral administration. |||

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] preparations of harpagophytum procumbens, known as devil's claw, are used as an adjunctive therapy for the treatment of pain and osteoarthritis.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] various researchers have described anti-inflammatory activity of aqueous extracts of devil's-claw (harpagophytum procumbens dc.).

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] harpagophytum procumbens, or devil's claw, is an african plant whose root is used to relieve minor joint symptoms.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] preparations made from the secondary tubers of devil's claw (harpagophytum procumbens) are successfully used in patients with rheumatic diseases (arthrosis and low back pain).

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] although this was an open clinical study, the results suggest that this devil's claw extract has a clinically beneficial effect in the treatment of arthrosis of the hip or knee.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] a previous report showed that extracts of cell suspension and transformed root cultures of harpagophytum procumbens (commonly known as devil's claw), an african plant with high medicinal value, exhibit strong antiinflammatory characteristics.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] harpagophytum procumbens, also known as devil's claw, has historically been used to treat a wide range of conditions, including pain and arthritis.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] devil's claw (harpagophytum procumbens), turmeric (curcuma longa), and bromelain are nutraceuticals that have demonstrated anti-inflammatory and analgesic properties and may be potential solutions in the treatment of acute or chronic joint pain.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] devil's claw (harpagophytum procumbens) a plant native to southern africa, has historically been used in traditional medicine to treat a wide range of diseases and currently is widely employed as anti-inflammatory and pain-relieving natural remedy in europe and other parts of the world.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] harpagophytum procumbens, popularly known as devil's claw, is a plant commonly used in the treatment of diseases of inflammatory origin.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] harpagophytum procumbens (h. procumbens), also known as devil's claw, has been used to treat a wide range of pathological conditions, including pain, arthritis and inflammation.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] devil's claw is a common ingredient in nutraceutical products for the treatment of inflammation due to arthritis.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] harpagophytum procumbens, commonly known as devil's claw, is indigenous to southern africa, and extracts of the tubers have been used for centuries in the treatment of a variety of inflammatory disorders.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] harpagophytum procumbens, known as devil's claw, has been used traditionally for the treatment of pain, fevers, and dyspepsia.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] stapf, devil's claw which has been used in patients with osteoarthritis (oa).

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] their root extracts contain the iridoid glycoside, harpagoside, which has been found to be effective in the treatment of degenerative rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, tendonitis, kidney inflammation, and heart disease.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] devil's claw is used for the treatment of inflammatory symptoms and degenerative disorders in horses since many years, but without the substantive pharmacokinetic data.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] considering its excellent tolerance profile, the tested complex of 3 plant extracts with antiinflammatory properties may be a valuable and safe alternative to nsaids in patients suffering from degenerative joint diseases.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] harpagophytum procumbens (hp), commonly known as devil's claw is a perennial plant which thrives in arid conditions.

Do extracts of African devil's claw (Harpagophytum procumbens) relieve pain in patients with osteoarthritis? [SEP] devil's claw is the common name for two species in the genus harpagophytum. |||

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] some studies indicate that the risk of antibiotic-associated diarrhea can be reduced by administration of certain probiotic microorganisms.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] probiotics may prevent antibiotic-associated diarrhea (aad) via restoration of the gut microflora.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] probiotics may be of benefit in treating acute infectious diarrhea and reducing antibiotic-associated diarrhea.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] the role of probiotics in the prevention and treatment of antibiotic-associated diarrhea, clostridium difficile diarrhea, and recurrent c. difficile diarrhea is reviewed.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] probiotic bacteria have well-established beneficial effects in the management of diarrhoeal diseases.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] the results suggest a strong benefit of probiotic administration on antibiotic-associated diarrhoea, but further data are needed.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] to evaluate the evidence for probiotic use in the prevention and treatment of antibiotic-associated diarrhea (aad).

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] the role of probiotics in treating or preventing diarrheal diseases is well known.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] patients receiving oral probiotics had more reported diarrhea in the first and second weeks of treatment.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] convincing evidence that probiotic administration can lower the risk of antibiotic-associated diarrhoea is limited to certain micro-organisms.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] probiotics are living microorganisms, which, upon oral ingestion, may prevent antibiotic-associated diarrhea (aad) by the normalization of an unbalanced gastrointestinal flora.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] one condition for which probiotics have been advocated is the diarrhea that is a common adverse effect of antibiotic use.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] several studies have shown that probiotics are of benefit in gastrointestinal infections, including viral diarrhea, clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea, traveler's diarrhea, and antibiotic-associated diarrhea.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] therefore, probiotic preparations are used to prevent this diarrhoea.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] diarrhea is a common side effect of treatment with antibiotics.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] some studies suggest a role for probiotics as supplemental treatment, in combination with antibiotics, for the aforementioned disease processes.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] randomized, parallel, controlled (placebo, active, or no treatment) trials comparing co-administered probiotics with antibiotics for the prevention of diarrhea secondary to antibiotic use in children (0 to 18 years).

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] a common adverse effect of antibiotic use is diarrhea.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] clinical studies have shown that certain probiotics may be useful in treating a variety of diarrheal disorders, including rotavirus diarrhea, antibiotic-associated diarrhea, clostridium difficile diarrhea, and traveler's diarrhea.

Can probiotics prevent diarrhea after treatment with antibiotics? [SEP] to conduct a meta-analysis of the data in the literature on the efficacy of probiotics in the prevention of antibiotic-associated diarrhoea. |||

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] is exercise an effective treatment for depression?

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] exercise can be an effective treatment for depression.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] exercise is a well-established treatment for depression, and its use in clinical care is supported by consumers and clinicians.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] exercise as a treatment for depression carries both potential benefit for depressive symptoms and risk for adverse events.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] exercise is an efficacious treatment for major depressive disorder (mdd) and has independently been shown to have anti-inflammatory effects in non-depressed subjects.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] to acutely improve depressed mood, exercise of any intensity significantly improved feelings of depression with no differential effect following light, moderate, or hard exercise.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] exercise is associated with a greater reduction in depression symptoms compared with no treatment, placebo, or active control interventions, such as relaxation or meditation.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] exercise has been studied as a potential antidepressant, with most studies supporting its efficacy.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] previous observational and interventional studies have suggested that regular physical exercise may be associated with reduced symptoms of depression.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] acute exercise should be used as a symptom management tool to improve mood in depression, with even light exercise an effective recommendation.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] although currently available evidence suggests that physical exercise can be beneficial for depressed patients and might be comparable to antidepressant treatment, the best way of implementing this recommendation in clinical practice is not known.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] exercise effectively improves mood in major depressive disorder (mdd), but the optimal exercise stimulus to improve depressed mood is unknown.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] exercise also has the potential to reduce the risk for physical comorbidities that occur with depression.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] the efficacy of physical exercise as an augmentation to pharmacotherapy with antidepressants for depressive patients has been documented.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] research has shown that aerobic exercise is effective in alleviating depression.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] the following review aims at presenting the contemporary literature regarding the nature of depression, exercise, the underlying mechanisms and the management of an exercise program in individuals with depression.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] exercise, a subset of physical activity, influences a range of biological and psychosocial processes also implicated in the pathophysiology of depression.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] sample size; lack of an exercise only treatment arm conclusions: adding exercise to antidepressant drug treatment may offer significant advantages over affective symptoms of depression, rather than somatic symptoms or other dimensions of depression.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] physical exercise is increasingly recognized as a treatment for major depression, even among older patients.

Is exercise an effective measure to combat depression? [SEP] exercise improves cardiorespiratory fitness (crf) and reduces depressive symptoms in people with depression. |||

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] various physical, emotional, and extrinsic triggers have been attributed to acute coronary syndrome.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] the most accepted theory proposes myocardial stunning of neurogenic origin, supported by the frequent antecedent of emotional or physical stress, suggesting a catecholamine-mediated mechanism.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] it was suggested that either a sudden loss of catecholamine stimulation or myocardial damage caused by the direct action of the tetanus toxin, could be involved in cardiac dysfunction described in tetanus.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] the cardiovascular manifestations of tetanus consist of disturbances of heart rate and rhythm, blood pressure instability, arrhythmias, myocardial dysfunction and sympathetic overactivity.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] right ventricular myocardial infarction can lead to cardiogenic shock and death.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] since it is well known that myocardial damage caused by catecholamines can induce synthesis of cytokines by myocytes, cytokines, specifically those with known cardiodepressant properties such as tnf-alpha, could be an alternative mechanism involved in cardiac dysfunction in the setting of tetanus.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] this study was undertaken to determine whether thickening of the atrioventricular (av) node artery is a cause of sudden cardiac death.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] physical exertion was found to be the most dominant trigger (65%) followed by psychological stress (16%) and acute illness (12%).

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] we report a fatal case of tetanus in which we investigated the cardiac morphology and the expression of tnfalpha to elucidate the heart involvement in this case.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] tako-tsubo-like cardiomyopathy (ttc) is much more common than originally thought.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] acute physical and emotional triggers were identified in patients' historical data.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] congenital long-qt (lqt) syndrome can lead to torsades de pointes (tdp), which can deteriorate into ventricular fibrillation resulting in sudden death.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] it is uncertain whether external electrical cardioversion (cv) of atrial fibrillation (af) can cause myocardial injury identifiable by troponin i (ctni).

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] although previous works have shown that ta could cause vasodilation in an endothelial cell (ec)-dependent manner, there is hitherto no report showing whether ta could raise ec cytosolic ca2+ concentration.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] thickening of the av node artery has been implicated as a cause of sudden death primarily on the basis of case reports.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] in 10 subjects with sudden death a dysplastic av node artery was narrowed > 2 sd over the control value; half of this subgroup died during exercise and one third had a family history of sudden unexplained cardiac death.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] the hypothesis concerning ergotamine-induced vasospasm potentially being able to trigger a tongue necrosis in gca is supported by the present case.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] dysplasia of the av node artery may contribute to death in a substantial portion of patients with unexplained sudden death, and such death is often associated with exercise and a family history of unexplained sudden death.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] in conclusion, tanning--a behavior with well-known health risks--is a relatively frequent bdd-related behavior.

Can a tantrum trigger a heart attack? [SEP] the response to antitachycardia pacing can sometimes reveal clues about tachycardia mechanisms. |||

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] we performed a systematic review of studies evaluating whether outbursts of anger are associated with the short-term risk of heart attacks, strokes, and disturbances in cardiac rhythm that occur in everyday life.

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] the hypothesis that intense anger experience may increase risk for or exacerbate cardiovascular diseases has been under active theoretical and empirical interest for decades.

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] suggestive evidence supports that anger is associated with increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] we also review recent studies addressing the association between anger and cardiovascular diseases, and we present potential neuroendocrine and behavioral mechanisms through which anger expression may increase risk for cardiovascular disease.

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] we investigated whether anger expression increases the risk of recurrent events in women with coronary heart disease (chd).

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] there is a higher risk of cardiovascular events shortly after outbursts of anger.

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] outbursts of anger are associated with an abrupt increase in cardiovascular events; however, it remains unknown whether greater levels of anger intensity are associated with greater levels of ami risk or whether potentially modifiable factors can mitigate the short-term risk of ami.

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] increased research attention is being paid to the negative impact of anger on coronary heart disease (chd).

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] the aim of the present study was to explore the association between outbursts of anger and acute myocardial infarction (ami) risk.

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] a high level of anger has a powerful effect on the incidence of preventable cardiovascular death.

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] outbursts of anger have been implicated in the occurrence of myocardial infarction and sudden cardiac death, but the pathophysiologic mechanisms remain unknown.

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] the aim of this study was to determine whether brief episodes of anger trigger the onset of acute myocardial infarction (mi), acute coronary syndromes (acs), ischaemic and haemorrhagic stroke, and ventricular arrhythmia.

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] these data suggest that a strong, angry temperament rather than anger in reaction to criticism, frustration, or unfair treatment places normotensive, middle-aged persons at increased risk for cardiac events and may confer a chd risk similar to that of hypertension.

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] despite the heterogeneity, all studies found that, compared with other times, there was a higher rate of cardiovascular events in the 2h following outbursts of anger.

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] episodes of anger are capable of triggering the onset of acute myocardial infarction, but aspirin may reduce this risk.

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] diary-based studies confirm that anger and other negative emotions can trigger potentially lethal ventricular arrhythmias.

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] each unit increase in the outward expression of anger increased by 42% the risk for cardiac death or a new ami (95% ci: 1.01-2.00).

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] hostility and anger have been attributed as psychosocial risk factors for coronary heart disease.

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] this study examined prospectively the association between trait anger and the risk of combined chd (acute myocardial infarction [mi]/fatal chd, silent mi, or cardiac revascularization procedures) and of "hard" events (acute mi/fatal chd).

Can anger over a long period of time increase the risk of heart attack??? [SEP] anger and other strong emotions can trigger polymorphic, potentially life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias in vulnerable patients. |||

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] dietary deficiencies in essential omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids derived from fish are associated with depression and some fish oils may have therapeutic benefits.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] converging evidence suggests that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have aetiological importance in depression.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] treatment studies have suggested that omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 fas) as monotherapy or adjunctive treatment have therapeutic effects in depression.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] we aimed to determine whether taking tuna fish oil confers any additional benefit to conventional outpatient treatment for major depression.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] to determine the effect of adding fish oil to existing therapy in participants who were being treated for depression in a community setting, 77 participants were randomly assigned to receive 8 g of either fish or olive oil per day in addition to their existing therapy.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] there was no evidence that fish oil improved mood when compared to the placebo oil, despite an increase in circulating omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] studies have reported that countries with high rates of fish oil consumption have low rates of depressive disorder.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] the authors studied a specific omega-3 fatty acid, the ethyl ester of eicosapentaenoic acid (e-epa), as an adjunct to treatment for depressive episodes occurring in patients with recurrent unipolar depressive disorder who were receiving maintenance antidepressant therapy.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] the use of dietary omega 3 fatty acid capsules has been associated with a decrease in plasma triglyceride levels.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] this particular dose and type of fish oil conferred no additional benefit to conventional treatment of depression in this sample.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] regulation of hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (hpa) axis activity and reduction of inflammatory cytokines are among several biological mechanisms which potentially explain the impact of omega-3 fas on depression.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] many individuals are currently taking fish oil capsules to lower lipids, increase bleeding time, and possibly decrease cardiovascular risk.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled four-month trial comparing tuna fish oil versus placebo was conducted on 83 outpatients with major depression.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] most researchers have attributed these beneficial effects to the high content of omega-3 fatty acids in fish oil (fo).

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] dietary supplementation with fish oils high in the omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, may have an antiinflammatory effect.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] the authors recently reported a study in which fluoxetine and eicosapentaenoic acid (epa), which is an omega-3 fatty acid, appeared to be equally effective in controlling depressive symptoms and their combination was superior to either of them alone.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] therefore, marine oil capsules are useful for lowering levels of very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, but the large dose required to achieve and sustain this effect (4.5 g of omega-3 fatty acids, or nine to 18 capsules daily) may limit long-term compliance.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] dietary fish oil supplements containing the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (epa) and docosahexaenoic acid (dha), are frequently used for cardiovascular benefit.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] the use of omega-3 fatty acids to reduce the risks of coronary artery disease is appealing because this product occurs naturally in fish oil.

Can capsules with omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil relieve depression? [SEP] polyunsaturated fatty acids such as omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid and omega-6 docosahexaenoic acid, found in over-the-counter fish oil supplements, are often consumed for their beneficial, prophylactic, anti-inflammatory effects. |||

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] some epidemiological data relate chronic coffee intake to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] clinical and observational studies have recently reported that coffee consumption is associated with cardiac arrhythmia, with increased serum cholesterol, blood pressure and affected heart rate variability, leading to an increased cardiovascular risk.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] heavy coffee consumption has been associated with increased coronary heart disease (chd) risk although many studies have not observed any relation.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] chronic coffee consumption exerts a detrimental effect on aortic stiffness and wave reflections, which may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] for many years, an association between coffee consumption and the risk of coronary heart disease has been suspected.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] we examined prospectively the relation of coffee consumption with the risk of myocardial infarction, need for coronary-artery bypass grafting or angioplasty, and risk of stroke in a cohort of 45,589 u.s. men who were 40 to 75 years old in 1986 and who had no history of cardiovascular disease.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] in conclusion, heavy coffee consumption increases the short-term risk of acute myocardial infarction or coronary death, independent of the brewing method or currently recognized risk factors for chd.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] in the past, coffee was often viewed as a cardiovascular risk-factor.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] in summary, for most healthy people, moderate coffee consumption is unlikely to adversely affect cardiovascular health.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] these findings do not support the hypothesis that coffee or caffeine consumption increases the risk of coronary heart disease or stroke.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] this review examines the effects of coffee on cardiovascular risk, outlines underlying biological mechanisms, and discusses implications for public health.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] in this work, we evaluated the association between coffee consumption and the risk of developing acute coronary syndromes, based on a random sample of 848 patients with their first coronary heart disease event and 1078 frequency-matched controls with no cardiovascular disease in their medical history, from the entire country.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] in the current paper, we discuss the acute and long-term cardiovascular effects of coffee, and its major constituents, which could underlie such an association.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] coffee is one of the most widely consumed beverages, and some studies have suggested it may be related to cardiovascular disease (cvd), the leading cause of poor health in the world.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] heavy coffee consumption increases the incidence of acute coronary events in men with low but not high comt activity.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] this review evaluates the evidence on the effect of habitual coffee consumption on cvd incidence and mortality.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] consumption of scandinavian-style "boiled coffee" is associated with coronary heart disease.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] we postulate that coffee drinking may have an acute detrimental effect in triggering coronary events and increasing infarct size in selected patient groups, rather than promoting the development of atherosclerosis in the general population, and we propose an alternative approach to explore such an effect in epidemiological studies.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] the adverse effects of chronic coffee consumption on traditional risk factors for chd are less consistent: although coffee intake slightly increases blood pressure, and plasma concentrations of homocysteine and cholesterol, there is no association with the incidence of hypertension, and a strong negative association with the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus.

Does regular consumption of coffee increase the risk of heart disease such as heart attack or stroke? [SEP] however, in meta-analyses of recent well-controlled prospective epidemiologic studies, coffee-consumption was not associated with risk of coronary heart disease and weakly associated with a lower risk of stroke and heart failure. |||

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] compared with children delivered vaginally, children delivered by cesarean had a 52% higher risk of being overweight throughout childhood, but this was not accompanied by a higher blood pressure in adolescence.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] cesarean delivery is associated with an increased risk of childhood obesity in offspring.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] what this study adds caesarean section is associated with an increased risk of childhood overweight.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] cesarean delivery may increase the risk of obesity in early childhood.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] children born by caesarean delivery on maternal request are also more likely to be overweight.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] children born by cesarean delivery (n = 236, 8.9%) had a 1.52 (95% ci 1.18, 1.96) higher odds of being overweight throughout childhood than children delivered vaginally.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] this study suggests that women born by cesarean delivery may have a higher risk than women born by vaginal delivery of being obese and developing type 2 diabetes during adult life.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] to investigate whether children delivered by cesarean had a higher risk of being overweight from early until late childhood and whether they had a higher blood pressure in adolescence compared with children delivered vaginally.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] a few small-scale studies suggest that caesarean section may be associated with later overweight and obesity, whereas little is known about the impact of caesarean delivery on maternal request.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] to investigate whether birth by cesarean delivery rather than vaginal delivery is a risk factor for later childhood obesity.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] caesarean delivery including non-medically indicated maternal request caesarean delivery compared with vaginal delivery modestly increases childhood overweight risk.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] associations between cesarean delivery and being overweight or obese were investigated at age 2, 6, and 10 years (n = 1734, 1244, and 1170, respectively) by multivariate logistic regression models adjusted for socioeconomic status, child characteristics, and maternal prepregnancy characteristics.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] regression analyses revealed a greater likelihood of obesity at age 2 years in the cesarean delivery group compared with the vaginal delivery group at age 2 years (aor, 1.68; 95% ci, 1.10-2.58), but not at age 6 years (aor, 1.49; 95% ci, 0.55-4.05) or age 10 years (aor, 1.16; 95% ci, 0.59-2.29).

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] our results do not support the hypothesis that an increasing rate of cesarean delivery contributes to obesity in childhood.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] infants born heavy are vulnerable to later obesity, but it is unknown whether obesity-related risk factors present between conception and delivery predict their postnatal weight trajectory.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] caesarean section should also increase the risk of obesity related cardiovascular risk factors if type of delivery is associated with obesity later in life.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] the proportion of obese children was greater in the cesarean delivery group compared with the vaginal delivery group at age 2 years (13.6% vs 8.3%), but not at older ages.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] greater antenatal weight or body mass index (bmi) gains may lead to larger fetuses and thus increase the risk for operative deliveries, such as cesarean deliveries.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] women born by cesarean delivery were more likely to be classified as obese and to have received a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes during follow-up.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of becoming overweight later in life? [SEP] mothers who gave birth by cesarean delivery (∼17%) had a higher mean prepregnancy body mass index (23.7 kg/m(2) vs 22.5 kg/m(2)), greater mean gestational weight gain (15.3 kg vs 14.5 kg), and shorter mean duration of exclusive breastfeeding (3.4 months vs 3.8 months) compared with those who delivered vaginally. |||

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] in particular, epidemiological studies have linked cesarean delivery with increased rates of asthma, allergies, autoimmune disorders, and obesity.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] studies have indicated that children delivered by cesarean section are at an increased risk of developing wheezing and asthma.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] children delivered by cesarean section had an increased likelihood of current asthma at 36 months of age (relative risk = 1.17, 95% confidence interval: 1.03, 1.32), and the association was stronger among children of nonatopic mothers (relative risk = 1.33, 95% confidence interval: 1.12, 1.58).

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] a study was undertaken to investigate prospectively whether children born by caesarean section are more at risk of having asthma in childhood and sensitisation at the age of 8 years, taking into account the allergic status of the parents.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] in conclusion, children delivered by cesarean section may have an increased risk of current asthma at 36 months, but residual confounding cannot be excluded.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] children born by caesarean section have a higher risk of asthma than those born by vaginal delivery, particularly children of allergic parents.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] this study suggests that women born by cesarean delivery may have a higher risk than women born by vaginal delivery of being obese and developing type 2 diabetes during adult life.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] epidemiological studies and meta-analyses have shown an increased risk of childhood asthma for children born by caesarean section (c-section).

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] our findings suggest that cesarean delivery is associated with allergic rhinitis and atopy among children with a parental history of asthma or allergies.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] children born by caesarean section have a higher risk for type 1 diabetes.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] caesarean section might be a risk factor for asthma because of delayed microbial colonisation, but the association remains controversial.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] there is evidence from two meta-analyses that children born through caesarean section (c-section) may have an increased risk of developing asthma compared with those born through vaginal delivery.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] we sought to examine the relation between birth by cesarean delivery and atopy and allergic diseases in children at risk for atopy.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] delivery by c-section is associated with a moderate risk increase for allergic rhinitis, asthma, hospitalization for asthma, and perhaps food allergy/food atopy, but not with inhalant atopy or atopic dermatitis.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] studies indicate an increased risk of allergies among children born by caesarean section, possibly because immune development is altered by avoiding exposure to maternal vaginal flora.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] to examine whether cesarean section results in neonatal secretion of cytokines that are associated with increased risk of atopy and/or asthma in childhood.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] cesarean delivery can alter neonatal immune responses and increase the risk of atopy.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] in multivariate analyses birth by cesarean section was significantly associated with increased odds of allergic rhinitis (odds ratio, 1.8; 95% ci, 1.0-3.1) but not with asthma.

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] caesarean section, with a total prevalence of 8.5%, was associated with an increased risk of asthma (or 1.79; 95% ci 1.27 to 2.51).

Do cesarean babies have a higher risk of asthma and allergies later in life? Do they have an increased risk of type 1 diabetes?? [SEP] caesarean section increases the risk for sensitisation to common allergens in children with non-allergic parents only. |||

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] recently, it has been observed that weight loss is accelerated by human chorionic gonadotropin (hcg) hormone preparation used for hypothalamic dysfunction in obesity treatment in both sexes.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] this study aimed to determine whether prepregnancy weight loss reduces gestational weight gain and improves pregnancy outcomes.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] although the prevention of gestational weight loss (gwl) has become a priority for clinicians in the past few decades, recent work has suggested that gwl may be beneficial for obese mothers.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] administering hcg in addition to diet had no advantage on weight reduction in rats.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] health professionals should be aware that gwg may offset the expected effect of weight loss before conception on fetal growth in overweight and obese women.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] although the intervention group successfully lost weight before conception, the intervention group was associated with greater weight gain in late pregnancy.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] for women with bmi < 25 kg/m2 at conception, birth weight was significantly higher with weight loss than stable weight before pregnancy (β = 0.08 [95% ci 0.02; 0.14], p = 0.01), and this total effect was explained by a significant mediating effect through gwg.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] even a small reduction in body weight can improve ovulatory function and pregnancy rate and reduce adverse obstetric outcomes.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] our aim was to observe the ultrastructural changes caused by local injections of hcg made for purpose of weight loss and to present them to inform those receiving such therapy.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] previous studies indicated that hcg could be responsible for the pregnancy-induced protection against breast cancer in women.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] participants in the intervention group lost more weight before pregnancy than those in the control group (-0.25±0.51 vs -0.03±0.21 kg/wk; p<.001).

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] women are often advised that lactation accelerates loss of the excess weight gained during pregnancy, but the evidence underlying this advice is sparse and conflicting.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] pregnancy interventions to limit gestational weight gain (gwg) have been proposed as a means of preventing hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (hdp); however, it is currently unclear whether gwg has a causal influence on the development of hdp.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] weight retention after pregnancy may contribute to obesity.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] weight retention after pregnancy may contribute to obesity.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] to investigate whether gestational weight loss (gwl) after the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) in overweight and obese women is associated with improved perinatal outcomes.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] in overweight and obese women with gdm, third trimester weight loss is associated with some improved maternal and neonatal outcomes, although this effect is lessened by increased odds of sga status and preterm delivery.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] women who have an overweight or obese pre-pregnancy body mass index (bmi) may be recommended to lose weight before pregnancy, however the association of preconception weight fluctuations and prenatal adherence to nutrition and exercise recommendations with gestational weight gain (gwg) have not been assessed.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] women with elevated body mass index are encouraged to lose weight before pregnancy, but no trials have tested the effects of prepregnancy weight loss on health outcomes.

Does the pregnancy hormone hCG help with weight loss? [SEP] preconceptional weight loss appears beneficial to fetal growth, but some effects of previous obesity were retained in offspring phenotype. |||

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] dry cupping was found to be effective for reducing pain in patients with chronic neck pain and non-specific low back pain.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] massage therapies such as cupping are often applied in patients with chronic neck and back pain with the assumption that they can reduce increased tissue stiffness and, therefore, improve pain.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] low-quality evidence revealed dry cupping had a significant effect on pain reduction for chronic neck pain (md, -21.67; 95% ci, -36.55, to -6.80) and low back pain (md, -19.38; 95%ci, -28.09, to -10.66).

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] moderate-quality evidence suggested that dry cupping improved functional status for chronic neck pain (md, -4.65; 95%ci, -6.44, to -2.85).

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] in this pilot study, we investigated the effect of traditional cupping therapy on chronic nonspecific neck pain (cnp) and mechanical sensory thresholds.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] low back pain is a very prevalent condition in the population and cupping therapy has been presented as a frequently used non-pharmacological treatment in this population.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] cupping is used in various traditional medicine forms to relieve pain in musculoskeletal diseases.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] there is initial scientific evidence that dry cupping is able to reduce musculoskeletal pain.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] as a traditional medicine practice, cupping therapy has been widely used to relieve symptoms like fatigue, tension, and muscle pain.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] for this study, cupping was used to treat low back pain (lbp).

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] dry cupping therapy is a noninvasive treatment commonly used to reduce pain and promote the healing process in various populations, including those with nonspecific neck pain; however, no data are available to support most of this method's true physiological benefits.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] a single session of dry cupping therapy may be an effective short-term treatment method for immediately reducing pain and increasing oxygenated and total hemoglobin levels in patients with nonspecific neck pain.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] cupping is an ancient technique used in treating pain and various disorders.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] cupping therapy is a promising method to cure or reduce the symptoms of some diseases including muscle pain/tendency/fatigue.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] chinese cupping may be a low-risk, therapeutic treatment for the prompt reduction of symptoms associated with subacute and chronic low back pain.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] perspective: this article presents the results of a meta-analysis aimed to assess the effectiveness and safety of cupping with chronic pain.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] pain at rest (pr), pain related to movement (pm), quality of life (sf-36), neck disability index (ndi), mechanical detection (mdt), vibration detection (mdt), and pressure pain thresholds (ppt) were measured before and three days after a single cupping treatment.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] the objective of this study was to evaluate if a single session of real or placebo cupping therapy in patients with chronic low back pain would be enough to temporarily reduce pain intensity and functional disability, enhancing their mechanical threshold and reducing local skin temperature.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] this meta-analysis aimed to assess the effectiveness and safety of cupping in chronic pain.

Does cupping relieve chronic neck and back pain? [SEP] this protocol describes a placebo-controlled, randomised, double-blind study that aims to evaluate the effect of dry cupping therapy on pain, physical function, trunk range of motion, quality of life and psychological symptoms in individuals with non-specific chronic low back pain. |||

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] these results reveal that broccoli consumption affects the composition and function of the human gastrointestinal microbiota.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] this study aimed to determine the impact of broccoli consumption on the gastrointestinal microbiota of healthy adults.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] we sought to determine whether orally consumed broccoli sprouts could eradicate helicobacter pylori infection in infected human volunteers.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] consumption of oral broccoli sprouts was temporally associated with eradication of h. pylori infection in three of nine patients.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] most patients found broccoli sprouts palatable.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] intervention with broccoli sprouts may enhance detoxication of airborne pollutants and attenuate their associated health risks.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] the results support the application of broccoli sprouts in oxidative stress- and inflammation-related diseases and the role of sads as their bioactive components next to glucosinolates.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli are a good source of dietary fiber and phytonutrients, including glucosinolates, which can be metabolized by gastrointestinal microbes.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] several studies have demonstrated that broccoli might be beneficial by reducing the risk for the development of certain forms of cancer.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] broccoli sprouts represent a health-promoting food, rich in antioxidant and anti-inflammatory phytochemicals, among which sulfur compounds are most extensively investigated.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] increased consumption of cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli may reduce the risk of various cancers.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] in summary, broccoli consumption elicited an enhanced response in ligand-sensitive ahrb/b mice, demonstrating that in part the beneficial aspects of dietary broccoli upon intestinal health are associated with heightened ahr activity.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] epidemiological and laboratory studies suggest that dietary broccoli may prevent or delay a variety of cancers.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] broccoli is a food often consumed for its potential health-promoting properties.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] the development of broccoli with enhanced concentrations of glucoraphanin may deliver greater health benefits.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] patients consumed broccoli sprouts (14, 28, or 56 g) twice daily for 7 days.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] peak excretion of sulforaphane and erucin was higher and occurred sooner in subjects who consumed broccoli sprouts as compared to subjects who consumed the supplement.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] epidemiologic evidence suggests diets rich in cruciferous vegetables, particularly broccoli, are associated with lower bladder cancer risk.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] in particular, broccoli sprouts are a convenient and rich source of the glucosinolate, glucoraphanin, which can release the chemopreventive agent, sulforaphane, an inducer of glutathione s-transferases.

Can eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts improve gastritis symptoms? [SEP] dietary broccoli associated with heightened intestinal ahr activity, decreased microbial abundance of the family erysipelotrichaceae, and attenuation of colitis. |||

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] in this review, we describe and analyze the current scientific knowledge concerning the therapeutic effect of sulphate mineral waters in the treatment of several disorders.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] the effects of the different salts on physiological parameters, mineral nutrient composition and expression of genes of sulfate transport and assimilation were studied.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] salophens and salens are schiff bases generated through the condensation of two equivalents of salicylaldehyde with either 1,2-phenylenediamines or aliphatic diamines, respectively.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] in several cases, inorganic salts have been used to induce partly structured states in protein folding.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] moreover, for both salts the 30-day-treatment reduced h(2)o(2) accumulation, unchanged rlr and tbars levels, and enhanced the levels of antioxidants and antioxidative enzymes, thus achieving an adaptation mechanism against reactive oxygen species.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] in basic ayurveda texts, susruta, caraka and vagbhata, some quite specific salts (lavanam) have been described and their properties and actions are enumerated.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] sulphate mineral waters where the predominant element is sulphate anion so4 2-, are frequently used in clinical therapy.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] aqueous solutions (0.2%, w/v) of scleroglucans from sclerotium rolfsii atcc 201126 from different cultivation time or purification protocol (eps i, eps ii, epsi) as well as a commercial scleroglucan (lscl) exhibited different sensitivity against thermal (65, 95 and 150°c), ultrasonic (1, 5 and 10 min; 20% amplitude) or alkaline (0.01-0.2 n naoh) treatments.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] this resulted in a superior dissolution profile of the monohydrate salt.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] nasal occlusion raised thresholds for iron salts and copper but not sodium.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] based on their chemical composition, salus per aquam (spa) mineral waters (or medical mineral waters) can be classified as sulphurous, sulphate, bicarbonate etc.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] through the modification of the phenol unit it is possible to tune the steric hindrance and electronic properties of salophen and salen.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] sulfite reductase was decreased in the shoot by all salts similarly and remained unaffected in roots.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] the expression levels of genes encoding proteins for sulfate transport and assimilation were differently affected by the different salts.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] in addition, the redox properties of the salophen derivatives functionalized with ferrocene units in solution and on surface were unraveled by cyclic voltammetry.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] examples include flotation of soluble salt minerals such as potash, trona and borax in brine solutions using alkylammonium and alkylsulfate collectors such as dodecylamine hydrochloride and sodium dodecylsulfate.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] analysis of mineral nutrient contents of plant tissue revealed that differences in sodium accumulation could not explain the increased toxicity of sulfate over chloride salts.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] the presence of salts in a solution is known to affect sonochemistry, but until now no consensus has been reached in the literature on how and why a salt influences sonochemistry.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] detection thresholds of the sulfate and chloride salts of ferrous iron and copper, and sodium chloride (as a control) were determined using a modified forced-choice ascending method of limits, with and without nasal occlusion.

Do Schuessler salts work? (alternative spellings: Schuessler salts or Schuessler salts) [SEP] the aim of this study was to determine the contributions of sodium and the two anions to the different toxicities of chloride and sulfate salinity. |||

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] pelvic floor muscle training is effective and recommended as first-line therapy for female patients with stress urinary incontinence.

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] pelvic floor muscle training is the most commonly used physical therapy treatment for women with stress urinary incontinence.

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] pelvic floor muscle training is the most commonly used physical therapy treatment for women with stress urinary incontinence.

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] pelvic floor muscle training is the most commonly used physical therapy treatment for stress urinary incontinence.

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] pelvic floor muscle training is the most commonly used physical therapy treatment for women with stress urinary incontinence (sui).

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] the aim of this paper was to determine the effects of pelvic floor muscle training for women with urinary incontinence in comparison to no treatment, placebo or sham treatments, or other inactive control treatments.

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] to evaluate the impact of pelvic floor muscle (pfm) training on the quality of life (qol) in women with stress urinary incontinence (sui).

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] the aim of this study was to assess the effect of a program of supervised pelvic floor muscle training (pfmt) on sexual function, in a group of women with urodynamically diagnosed stress urinary incontinence (sui), using a validated questionnaire.

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] overall, the review provides support for the widespread recommendation that pelvic floor muscle training be included in first-line conservative management programs for women with stress, urge or mixed urinary incontinence.

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] pelvic floor muscle training (pfmt) is an effective treatment for stress urinary incontinence in women.

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] this preliminary study suggests that pelvic floor muscle training, with and without biofeedback, is associated with increased muscle strength, myoelectric activity, precontraction of pelvic floor muscles, and improved quality of life in postmenopausal women with stress urinary incontinence.

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] feedback or biofeedback may provide benefit in addition to pelvic floor muscle training in women with urinary incontinence.

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] stress urinary incontinence (sui) is managed with pelvic floor muscle training (pfmt), but the mechanism of treatment action is unclear.

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] pelvic floor muscle training (pfmt) is currently considered as the first line conservative management for women with stress urinary incontinence (sui).

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] pelvic-floor muscle (pfm) training has been shown to be effective in improving urinary incontinence.

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] pelvic floor muscle training (pfmt) is recommended as a first option of treatment for women with symptoms of stress urinary incontinence (sui), mixed urinary incontinence (mui), and for some with symptoms of urge urinary incontinence (uui).

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] randomized controlled trial of 49 postmenopausal women with stress urinary incontinence.

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of a pelvic floor muscle (pfm) rehabilitation program on the striated urethral sphincter in women over 60 years with stress urinary incontinence (sui).

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] this study closes a gap, as involuntary reflexive pelvic floor muscle training has not yet been included in stress urinary incontinence physiotherapy, and if shown successful could be implemented in clinical practice immediately.

Does pelvic floor training help women with stress-related urinary incontinence? [SEP] to determine the effects of pelvic floor muscle training for women with urinary incontinence in comparison to no treatment, placebo or sham treatments, or other inactive control treatments. |||

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] the analgesic drug methadone is able to sensitize various tumors to chemotherapy.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] methadone offers many advantages for treating cancer pain.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] nowadays methadone is also being applied as long-lasting analgesics in cancer, and it is proposed as a promising agent for leukemia therapy.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] methadone, which is used as maintenance medication for outpatient treatment of opioid dependence or as an analgesic drug, has been suggested by preclinical in vitro and mouse studies to induce cell death and sensitivity to chemo- or radiotherapy in leukemia, glioblastoma, and carcinoma cells.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] there is evidence from preclinical studies that methadone could also elicit antitumor activity by downregulating the threshold of apoptosis and to enhance the effects of different chemotherapeutic agents.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] this confirms the concept of using methadone as a chemosensitizer in the future treatment of cancer.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] however, thus far there are no relevant clinical studies indicating that the use of methadone can prolong survival in cancer patients.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] based on low-quality evidence, methadone is a drug that has similar analgesic benefits to morphine and has a role in the management of cancer pain in adults.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] methadone has beneficial characteristics as an analgesic against cancer pain, including high bioavailability, multiple receptor affinities, and lack of active metabolites that might induce adverse side effects.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] here we report a series of cases of patients who developed problems when using methadone as an antitumor treatment, with a brief review on the role of methadone as a pain medication and the current lack of value as an anti-tumor therapy.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] however, methadone has an own pharmacological profile that should be considered in the treatment of cancer patients.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] recently, the use of methadone in cancer patients has increased due to in vitro studies indicating that methadone is capable of inducing cell death.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] our article discusses major issues about the role of methadone as a possible "tumor theralgesic," combining tumor therapeutic and analgesic activities.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy and safety of low-dose methadone as an adjunct to opioids in the treatment of cancer pain in palliative care patients.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] recently, methadone has been proposed to be useful also for cancer therapy, including glioblastoma multiforme (gbm), the most severe form of brain cancer, because experiments on cultured glioma cells treated with doxorubicin showed promising results.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] methadone is used increasingly as a second-line opioid in the management of cancer pain refractory to conventional opioids.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] to examine the effects of oral low-dose methadone added to regular scheduled opioids in terminally ill patients with complex cancer-related pain.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] while methadone has been established as a cheap and effective agent in treating cancer pain, specific studies are needed comparing methadone to other opioids in the management of cancer-related neuropathic pain.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] this knowledge may prove useful to develop novel strategies to prevent toxic side-effects of methadone thereby sustaining its use as therapeutical agent against tumors.

Can methadone enhance the effects of chemotherapy or other cancer treatments and help cure cancer? [SEP] methadone can be used as a second- or third-line agent for severe cancer-related pain, but its use should be restricted to experts. |||

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] one study has suggested the efficacy of tea tree oil in treatment of the acne vulgaris.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] to determine the efficacy of tea tree oil in mild to moderate acne vulgaris.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] the aims of this review were to collate and evaluate the clinical evidence on the use of tea tree oil products for treating acne, to review safety and tolerability and to discuss the underlying modes of therapeutic action.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] tea tree oil, a popular antimicrobial agent is recommended for the treatment of acne vulgaris, a disease of the pilosebaceous unit.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] topical 5% tea tree oil is an effective treatment for mild to moderate acne vulgaris.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] tea-tree oil possesses broad-spectrum antimicrobial activity, and is increasingly used for skin problems.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] over-the-counter acne treatments containing tea tree oil from the plant melaleuca alternifolia are widely available, and evidence indicates that they are a common choice amongst those self-treating their acne.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] tea tree oil is popular for treating various cutaneous maladies.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] this is the first study to show experimentally that tea tree oil can reduce histamine-induced skin inflammation.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] these in vitro results suggest that tea-tree oil may be useful in the treatment of yeast and fungal mucosal and skin infections.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] tea tree oil is currently enjoying popularity as a 'cure-all' for a variety of skin conditions, from infections to psoriasis, and many household and personal products containing melaleuca oil are available.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] tea tree oil is used as a natural remedy, but is also a popular ingredient in household and cosmetic products.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] tea tree oil is a popular ingredient in complementary medicines and beauty products.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] tea-tree oil (oil of melaleuca alternifolia) has recently received much attention as a natural remedy for bacterial and fungal infections of the skin and mucosa.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] the essential tea tree oil has been widely used in modern medicine and cosmetics in recent years.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] as with most naturally occurring agents, claims of effectiveness have been only anecdotal; however, several published studies have recently demonstrated tea-tree oil's antibacterial activity.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] to investigate the anti-inflammatory properties of tea tree oil on histamine-induced weal and flare.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] at 20 min, 25 microl of 100% tea tree oil was applied topically to the study forearm of 21 volunteers.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] a positive reaction to ascaridole was related to a positive reaction to tea tree oil.

Can treatment with tea tree oil relieve pimples (acne)? [SEP] oxidation of tea tree oil results in degradation products, such as ascaridole, which may cause allergic contact dermatitis. |||

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] although high sugar intakes are recognised to increase the risk of obesity and related metabolic disturbances, less is known about how sugar might also impair cognition and learned behaviour.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] several studies have found that high-sugar diets can produce impaired performance by rats on tests assessing spatial learning and memory.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] in recent years there has been increasing interest in studying cognitive effects associated with sugar consumption.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] in conclusion, higher sugar intake appears to be associated with lower cognitive function, but longitudinal studies are needed to clarify the direction of causality.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] intake of added sugars, mainly fructose and sucrose, has been associated with risk factors for cognitive impairment, such as obesity, the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] these results suggest that consumption of high levels of sugar-sweetened beverages by adolescents may also impair neurocognitive functions affecting decision-making and memory, potentially rendering them at risk for developing mental health disorders.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] background: sugar is widely consumed in malaysia, and the excessive intake of sugar has been associated with cognitive functions.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] purpose: the objective of this study was to evaluate the associations between types and sources of sugar intake and cognitive functions and to identify their risk in predicting cognitive impairment (mmse score <24).

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] conclusion: excessive sugar consumption among older adults showed a notable association with poor cognitive functions, but longitudinal studies and clinical trials are further needed to clarify the direction of causality and to investigate the underlying mechanism.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] the implications of these results for understanding of sugar-induced psychological deficits are discussed.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] high levels of sugar consumption have been associated with the development of obesity, however less is known about how sugar consumption influences behavioral control and high-order cognitive processes.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] the objective of this analysis was to examine whether habitual intakes of total sugars, added sugars, sugar-sweetened beverages or sweetened solid foods are associated with cognitive function.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] further research should systematically assess effects of dietary sugars on other cognitive domains, such as memory, to give further insights on general cognitive effects of sugar consumption.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] greater intake of total sugars was also significantly associated with lower word list learning score.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] data provide strong evidence that sucrose consumption can induce deficits in spatial cognition and reward-oriented behavior at levels that resemble patterns of sugar drink consumption in young people, and which can remain long after exposure.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] although increasing consumption of sugar drinks is recognized as a significant public health concern, little is known about (a) the cognitive effects resulting from sucrose consumption; and (b) whether the long-term effects of sucrose consumption are more pronounced for adolescents.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] the available evidence clearly indicates that sugar consumption can induce cognitive dysfunction.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] importantly, cognitive impairments have been found when intake approximates levels of sugar consumption in people and without changes to weight gain.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] this review considers the effects of sugar in rodents on measures of learning and memory, reward processing, anxiety and mood.

Does sugar consumption impair memory or other mental performance? [SEP] the association of diabetes and cognitive decline may indicate that high sugar level might be a risk factor for alzheimer's disease. |||

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] folic acid is recommended to reproductive-aged women to prevent birth defects, though little is known about the effects of dietary intake on other reproductive outcomes.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] it has been reported that paternal folic acid deficiency is correlated with male infertility and increased birth defects in the offspring.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] background the effectiveness of folic acid in prevention of neural tube defects has been well established.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] it has been reported that folic acid supplementation before and/or during pregnancy could reduce the risk of congenital heart defects (chds).

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] the beneficial effect of additional folic acid in the periconceptional period to prevent neural tube defects, orofacial clefts, and conotruncal heart defects in the offspring has been shown.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] supplementation of folic acid prior to and in the beginning of pregnancy may prevent neural tube defects (ntds) in newborns--such as spina bifida--and possibly other congenital malformations.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] this systematic review and meta-analysis shows evidence of associations between paternal folate status and sperm quality, fertility, congenital malformations, and placental weight.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] the effectiveness of maternal folate in reducing the risk of congenital malformations during pregnancy is well established.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] fortification of food with folic acid to prevent neural-tube defects in babies also lowers plasma total homocysteine, which is a risk factor for vascular disease.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] folic acid-containing multivitamins have been associated with a reduced risk of preterm birth.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] the anti-oxidation function of folic acid is one of possible mechanisms invovled in improving seminal parameters and pregnancy outcome.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] folic acid fortification and supplementation has increased folate intake and blood folate concentrations and successfully reduced the incidence of neural tube defects.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] among a general population of couples seeking infertility treatment, the use of folic acid and zinc supplementation by male partners, compared with placebo, did not significantly improve semen quality or couples' live birth rates.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] our study suggested that folic acid supplementation before pregnancy was associated with a reduced risk of chds, lower dietary folate intake during pregnancy was associated with increased risk.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] folic acid use showed a 14% risk reduction for preterm birth overall [adjusted risk ratio (rr) = 0.86, 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.82-0.90].

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] while high-dose folic acid supplementation (up to 10 times the daily recommended dose) has been shown to improve sperm parameters in infertile men, the effects of supplementation on the sperm epigenome are unknown.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] we investigated the associations between maternal folic acid supplementation, dietary folate intake, and the risk of chds.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] after adjusting for covariates, men with high folate intake (>75th percentile) had lower frequencies of sperm with disomies x, 21, sex nullisomy, and a lower aggregate measure of sperm aneuploidy (p <or= 0.04) compared with men with lower intake.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] compared to non-users, folic acid supplement users before pregnancy had a reduced risk of overall chds (or: 0.42, 95% ci: 0.21-0.86, ptrend = 0.025) after adjusted for potential confounders.

Does extra folic acid in men help prevent birth defects in children? [SEP] daily intake of 400 μg folic acid alone during the periconceptional period was associated with a reduced risk of spontaneous preterm birth. |||

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] the present study was performed to assess the effectiveness of ginger in the treatment of nausea and vomiting in pregnancy.

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] ginger was effective for the relief of mild to moderate nausea and vomiting in pregnant women at less than 16 weeks gestation.

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] considering the potential teratogenic effect in fetus due to chemical drugs, ginger can be used to treat nausea and vomiting during pregnancy.

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] this review suggests potential benefits of ginger in reducing nausea symptoms in pregnancy (bearing in mind the limited number of studies, variable outcome reporting and low quality of evidence).

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] ginger is a common traditional remedy taken by numerous women experiencing nausea and vomiting in pregnancy (nvp).

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] this study assesses the effects of ginger on nausea and vomiting caused by pregnancy and compares it with metoclopramide medicine.

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] clinical questioncan ginger treat nausea and vomiting of pregnancy?bottom linein the first trimester ginger might improve nausea and vomiting by about 4 points on a 40-point scale or stop vomiting for 1 in 3 women at 6 days.

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] therefore, this meta-analysis aims to explore the effect of ginger in the treatment of nausea and vomiting during pregnancy compared with placebo and vitamin b6.methods: the randomized control trials (rcts) on the association with ginger and pregnancy-related nausea and vomiting were searched and identified in two databases web of science and pubmed (up to april 2019).

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] although ginger is used in many cultures to treat the symptoms of nausea and vomiting, no trials have established its safety for use during pregnancy.

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] to investigate the effect of ginger in nausea and vomiting during pregnancy in comparison with vitamin b6 and placebo.

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] the results of studies in this article suggest that ginger is a promising treatment for nausea and vomiting in a variety of clinical settings and possesses a clinically relevant mechanism.

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] although many alternative therapists support the use of ginger for nausea and vomiting of pregnancy, there is currently insufficient clinical evidence to support its use in this condition.

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] ginger did not significantly affect vomiting episodes, nor pose a risk for side-effects or adverse events during pregnancy.

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] this article identified nine studies and seven reviews that investigated ginger for morning sickness, postoperative nausea and vomiting, chemotherapy-induced, and antiretroviral-induced nausea and vomiting.

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] is there evidence that ginger is safe to use during pregnancy?

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] ginger (zingiber officinale) is often advocated as beneficial for nausea and vomiting.

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] this article discusses recent clinical trials that have investigated ginger as a treatment for multiple types of nausea and vomiting.

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] ginger was effective in treating nausea and vomiting in pregnancy, but its use needs further studies to determine the proper dosage and the confirmation about the safety of this drug for a pregnant mother and her fetus.

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] the primary objective of our study was to examine the safety and the secondary objective was to examine the effectiveness of ginger for nausea and vomiting of pregnancy (nvp).

Does taking ginger reduce nausea and vomiting during pregnancy? [SEP] ginger was more effective for nausea (intensity and distress) and distress of vomit. |||

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] in this manner, ginger may act as a novel agent in the prevention and treatment of motion sickness.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] we hypothesize that ginger ameliorates the nausea associated with motion sickness by preventing the development of gastric dysrhythmias and the elevation of plasma vasopressin.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] ginger has long been used as an alternative medication to prevent motion sickness.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] the efficacy of ginger rhizome for the prevention of nausea, dizziness, and vomiting as symptoms of motion sickness (kinetosis), as well as for postoperative vomiting and vomiting of pregnancy, has been well documented and proved beyond doubt in numerous high-quality clinical studies.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] today, medicinal ginger is used mainly for prevention of the symptoms of travel sickness.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] thirteen volunteers with a history of motion sickness underwent circular vection, during which nausea (scored 0-3, i.e., none to severe), electrogastrographic recordings, and plasma vasopressin levels were assessed with or without ginger pretreatment in a crossover-design, double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled study.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] ginger effectively reduces nausea, tachygastric activity, and vasopressin release induced by circular vection.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] ginger (zingiber officinale) is often advocated as beneficial for nausea and vomiting.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] ginger also prolonged the latency before nausea onset and shortened the recovery time after vection cessation.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] our results showed that ginger extract elicited a significant antinociceptive effect.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] is there evidence that ginger is safe to use during pregnancy?

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] various preclinical and clinical studies have evaluated ginger as an effective and safe treatment for nausea and vomiting in the context of pregnancy and as an adjuvant treatment for chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] ginger root (zingiber officinale) has been used traditionally for the treatment of gastrointestinal ailments such as motion sickness, dyspepsia and hyperemesis gravidarum, and is also reported to have chemopreventative activity in animal models.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] medicinal properties of ginger, including the alleviation of nausea, arthritis and pain, have been associated with the gingerols.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] pretreatment with ginger (1,000 and 2,000 mg) reduced the nausea, tachygastria, and plasma vasopressin.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] if these are consumed during travel, the traveler imbibes, albeit subconsciously, a healing plant for motion sickness.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] although ginger is used in many cultures to treat the symptoms of nausea and vomiting, no trials have established its safety for use during pregnancy.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] and ginger treatment significantly reduced the defecation frequency, fecal water content and awr scores in ibs-d rats.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] ginger is a popular spice and food preservative.

Does taking ginger prevent motion sickness?? [SEP] here, we provide an update and analysis of ginger use for the prevention of nausea and vomiting, with a focus on the types and presentations of ginger available. |||

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] it appears that electronic cigarettes (ec) are a less harmful alternative to conventional cigarette (cc) smoking, as they generate substantially lower levels of harmful carcinogens and other toxic compounds.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] initially marketed for smoking cessation, electronic cigarettes (e-cigarettes) are commonly regarded as safer than combustible cigarettes because they usually contain less nicotine and do not use combustion.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] however, this has not been proved, and theoretical premises suggest that e-cigarettes should be definitely less harmful as while using them, tobacco is not burned and harmful substances, in particular carcinogens are not produced.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] electronic (e)-cigarette smoking is considered to be less harmful than traditional tobacco smoking because of the lack of a combustion process.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] e-cigarettes provide nicotine in a vapor form, which is considered less harmful than the smoke from combustible cigarettes because it does not contain the toxins that are found in tobacco smoke.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] this study aims to assess prevalence and correlates of accurately perceiving e-cigarettes as less harmful than cigarettes and that none or a small amount of the harm from smoking comes from nicotine.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] our findings are consistent with the idea that substituting tobacco cigarettes with e-cigarettes may substantially reduce exposure to selected tobacco-specific toxicants.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] electronic cigarettes (ecs) seem to be a less harmful alternative for conventional cigarettes.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] there are even opinions that they are as harmful as regular cigarettes.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] associations between accurate e-cigarette and nicotine harm perceptions were also assessed.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] e-cigarettes are a device that delivers only the nicotine, and its use is considered less harmful to health compared with tobacco cigarettes.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] electronic cigarettes (e-cigarettes) are considered a preferable alternative to conventional cigarettes due to the lack of combustion and the absence of tobacco-specific toxicants.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] e-cigarettes (ec) and nicotine replacement therapy (nrt) are less harmful than smoking, but misperceptions of relative harm are common.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] electronic cigarettes are devoid of many harmful constituents found in cigarette smoke and are therefore being positioned as safer alternative to tobacco smoke.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] this is concerning given that e-cigarette use is perceived as less harmful than conventional tobacco cigarettes during pregnancy for both the mother and fetus.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] the use of electronic cigarettes (e-cig) is popular because of the perception that they are less addictive and safer compared to the traditional cigarettes.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] accurate e-cigarette and nicotine harm perceptions were associated with one another.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] recently, the role of the electronic cigarettes (e-cigarettes) in a way to reduce smoking is increasing.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] many smokers have recently turned to electronic cigarettes (e-cigarettes) because they have been marketed as a cheaper, safer smokeless alternative to traditional cigarettes and a possible smoking cessation tool.

Are electric cigarettes less harmful than tobacco smoking? [SEP] we found a significant association between e-cigarette use and lung disease, which was significantly modified by tobacco use. |||

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] children whose parents "cleaned" their pacifier by sucking it (n = 65) were less likely to have asthma (odds ratio [or] 0.12; 95% confidence interval [ci] 0.01-0.99), eczema (or 0.37; 95% ci 0.15-0.91), and sensitization (or 0.37; 95% ci 0.10-1.27) at 18 months of age than children whose parents did not use this cleaning technique (n = 58).

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] we investigated whether pacifier cleaning practices affected the risk of allergy development.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] parental sucking of their infant's pacifier may reduce the risk of allergy development, possibly via immune stimulation by microbes transferred to the infant via the parent's saliva.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] is pacifier use safe in the first month of life?

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] oral microbes may be transferred from parents to infants via pacifiers.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] vaginal delivery and parental pacifier sucking yielded independent and additive protective effects against eczema development.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] the salivary microbiota differed between children whose parents cleaned their pacifier by sucking it and children whose parents did not use this practice.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] pacifiers are nearly ubiquitous among children in the united states, and although safety regulations exist, the responsibility to choose and maintain a safe pacifier generally falls on the parents, many of whom are unaware of potential hazards.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] type and frequency of pacifier hygiene practices were not associated with diarrhea.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] previous studies have suggested that pacifiers may get contaminated but only three studies have shown a possible association between the use of pacifiers and diarrhea or enteric infections.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] the aims of the present study were to investigate (1) whether the salivary cortisol response could be dampened during a routine three-month immunization if the infant received sweet-tasting solution in combination with a pacifier and (2) stress experienced by parents during immunization of the infant.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] the goal of this study was to investigate whether the early start of pacifier within the first month of life is a risk factor for diarrhea in early childhood.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] as a family physician who frequently attends deliveries and follows up with neonates, parents often ask me if they can provide their newborns with pacifiers in order to calm infants down, reduce crying, and improve sleep.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] in conclusion, the combination of oral glucose and pacifier dampen infants' salivary cortisol in response to the three-month immunization.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] early oral exposure to peanut in infants with high environmental peanut exposure may have had a protective effect against the development of pa. high levels of environmental exposure to peanut during infancy appear to promote sensitization, whereas low levels may be protective in atopic children.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] parents of atopic children frequently report, and are alarmed by, contact reactions to foods.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] food allergy is a common condition among infants.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] immune stimulation through exposure to commensal microbes may protect against allergy development.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] our results suggest that the recommendation to postpone pacifier use after the first month of life not to interfere with the duration of breastfeeding, may have also the effect to reduce the risk of episodes of diarrhea in the first three years of life.

Does parents licking the pacifier protect children from allergic diseases? [SEP] while pacifiers are useful for soothing, there is concern that their use might cause early weaning of breastfeeding owing to "nipple confusion." |||

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] this placebo-controlled, double-blind, crossover study shows that 1000 mg calcium administered orally significantly inhibits the allergen-induced swelling of the nasal mucosa in the allergen provocation test.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] calcium (ca) ions play an important pathophysiologic role in allergic reactions.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] although calcium has been used for several decades to treat allergic diseases of the skin and respiratory tract, controlled studies demonstrating the action of oral preparations in allergic rhinitis are lacking.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] this study is the first to confirm the positive effect of oral calcium on a symptom of allergic rhinitis.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] several studies showed that calcium-binding proteins have a fixed place in the spectrum of allergenic substances.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] calcium permeability of basophil and mast cell membranes is stimulated on allergen binding to its specific membrane-bound ige.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] cd-monitored calcium-titration of protein solutions represents a fast and easy method for determining the binding characteristics of calcium-binding allergens.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] often the binding of a calcium ion induces conformational changes and affects immunoglobulin e-binding to the allergen.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] because calcium is critical for airway smooth muscle contraction, degranulation of mast cells and secretion of mucus, there has been great interest and hope in the use of calcium channel blockers in the treatment of asthma.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] hence, the quantitative characterization of the binding to calcium is of importance to understand both the biologic and allergenic activity of these proteins.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] the "ca2+ hypothesis of asthma" suggests that calcium channel blocking agents may have a beneficial effect in asthma.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] the function of the cells involved in the genesis of bronchial asthma is calcium dependent.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] concern about calcium supplements, and mainly minor side effects (e.g.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] several studies have shown that calcium may help maintain optimum function of immune system and metabolism in sle.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] curcumin inhibited antigen-mediated activation of mast cells and passive cutaneous anaphylaxis in mice.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] we here discuss the effects of calcium channel blockers and also review clinical studies of these drugs in asthma, focusing on recent findings.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] in the present study we describe a procedure for determining the stoichiometry and dissociation constant (k(d)) of calcium-binding allergens using circular dichroism (cd) techniques.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] in vitro, ca antagonists have been demonstrated to inhibit mediator release (histamine, slow-reacting substance of anaphylaxis, and platelet-activating factor) from mast cells, passively sensitized human lung fragments, and leukocytes.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] therefore curcumin might be useful for the treatment of mast cell-related immediate and delayed allergic diseases.

Does calcium help with allergy? [SEP] it is likely, therefore, that ca antagonists would modify allergic bronchoconstriction. |||

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] vitamin d is an anti-inflammatory molecule and has a role in prevention of arthritis development.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] we found a moderate beneficial effect of vitamin d plus calcium versus no therapy or calcium alone (9 trials) (effect size 0.60; 95% confidence interval [95% ci] 0.34, 0.85; p < 0.0001).

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] increasing levels of vitamin d reduce inflammation, pain, and myopathy while increasing muscle protein synthesis, atp concentration, strength, jump height, jump velocity, jump power, exercise capacity, and physical performance.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] vitamin d is less effective than some osteoporosis therapies.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] recent studies have shown that the treatment of osteoporosis needs to have an optimal vitamin d and calcium supplementation for its efficacy.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] vitamin d plus calcium is superior to no therapy or calcium alone in the management of corticosteroid-induced osteoporosis.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] participants were supplemented daily with 10 µg 25(oh)d3, 20 µg vitamin d3, or a placebo capsule.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] musculoskeletal injury prevention and recovery are potentially affected by sufficient circulating levels of the storage form of vitamin d: 25-hydroxyvitamin d3, or 25(oh)d. vitamin d deficiency can exist among young, active, and healthy people, which may put them at increased risk for injury and prolonged recovery.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] the objective of this study was to determine whether administration of vitamin d supplement with the largest meal of the day would improve absorption and increase serum levels of 25(oh)d. this was a prospective cohort study in an ambulatory tertiary-care referral center.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] vitamin d supplementation is proposed as a potential treatment strategy to counteract functional decline in older adults.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] the reasoning behind vitamin d supplementation has been mostly derived from the role of vitamin d to promote intestinal calcium absorption and reduce bone resorption.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] the benefit of vitamin d in cancer prevention and to certain extent therapy has been well recognized.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] therefore, treatment with vitamin d plus calcium, as a minimum, should be recommended to patients receiving long-term corticosteroids.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] a number of studies have suggested that vitamin d has a potential role in the development/treatment of diabetes.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] additionally, as vitamin levels increased, pain intensity decreased.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] for athletes presenting with stress fractures, musculoskeletal pain, and frequent illness, one should have a heightened awareness of the additional likely diagnosis of vitamin d deficiency.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] the possible therapeutic role of vitamin d in different kind of diseases explains the growing interest in this vitamin due to its pleiotropic effects.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] a subgroup analysis based on the weekly dose of vitamin d was performed, and a similar trend was observed.thus it is concluded that taking vitamin d with the largest meal improves absorption and results in about a 50% increase in serum levels of 25(oh)d levels achieved.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] similar increases were observed in a wide range of vitamin d doses taken for a variety of medical conditions.

Can taking vitamin D relieve chronic pain? [SEP] to determine if vitamin d is more effective than no therapy or calcium alone in the management of corticosteroid-induced osteoporosis, and to determine how vitamin d compares with other osteoporosis therapies, e.g., bisphosphonates, calcitonin, or fluoride, for this condition. |||

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] aloe vera gel is used traditionally for the treatment of skin diseases, including psoriasis.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] topical aloe vera (av) has been used to treat various skin conditions, including psoriasis, with good results.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] the conventional remedies used to treat psoriasis demonstrate limited effects; therefore, natural products, including aloe vera, are being taken into consideration.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] for this reason often psoriatic patients look for alternative treatments based on natural products containing aloe vera.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] we conducted a systematic review of clinical trials assessing effectiveness and safety of aloe for the treatment of psoriasis.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] aloe vera is a traditional wound‑healing medicine used for the treatment of skin disorders.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] we conclude that administration of aloe as cutaneous treatment is generally well tolerated, as no serious side effects were reported.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] patients in the topical aloe cream group had significantly less postoperative pain at hours 12, 24, and 48 hours and at 2 weeks.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] aloe vera is a medicinal plant that promotes wound healing in burn injuries.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] this study assessed the effects of aloe vera cream in reducing postoperative pain, postdefection pain, and its promotion of wound healing after open hemorrhoidectomy.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] application of aloe vera cream on the surgical site is effective in reducing postoperative pain both on resting and during defecation, healing time, and analgesic requirements in the patients compared with the placebo group.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] aloe vera l., is a plant used worldwide as folk remedy for the treatment of various ailments, including skin disorders.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] aloe has been used for the prevention and cure of various diseases and symptoms including burns, injuries, oedema and pain.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] many previous studies reported the healing effects of aloe vera.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] aloe vera is a traditional medical plant whose gel has been widely used in skin care.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] aloe vera gel is widely used in the treatment of an array of disturbances, especially skin disorders.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] aloe vera has long been used as a traditional medicine for inducing wound healing.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] our data indicated that both aloe vera gel (avg) and cape aloe extract (cae) significantly improved wound healing in human primary epidermal keratinocytes (hpeks) and a human skin equivalent model.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] the herbal preparation, aloe vera, has been claimed to have anti-inflammatory effects and, despite a lack of evidence of its therapeutic efficacy, is widely used by patients with inflammatory bowel disease.

Does aloe vera relieve discomfort caused by psoriasis? [SEP] aloe vera is used widely to promote general health and is administered topically to treat skin conditions such as eczema, burns and wounds. |||

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] various studies reported that aloe vera has useful effects on wounds especially cutaneous wounds healing.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] aloe vera has long been used as a traditional medicine for inducing wound healing.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] aloe vera is a traditional wound‑healing medicine used for the treatment of skin disorders.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] aloe vera is sometimes used as a folk remedy for minor wounds and burns, but its mechanisms of action in wound healing are unclear.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] animal studies have suggested that aloe vera may help accelerate the wound healing process.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] aloe is known for its topical use for treating wounds and burns.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] five trials in people with acute wounds evaluated the effects of aloe vera on burns, haemorrhoidectomy patients and skin biopsies.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] aloe vera has been traditionally used to treat skin injuries (burns, cuts, insect bites, and eczemas) and digestive problems because its anti-inflammatory, antimicrobial, and wound healing properties.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] to determine the effects of aloe vera-derived products (for example dressings and topical gels) on the healing of acute wounds (for example lacerations, surgical incisions and burns) and chronic wounds (for example infected wounds, arterial and venous ulcers).

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] these include wound and burn healing, and aloe is now used in a variety of commercially available topical medications for wound healing and skin care.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] many previous studies reported the healing effects of aloe vera.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] the aloe vera plant has been used for an array of ailments, including skin diseases.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] although the beneficial effects of aloe vera on wound healing have been proven, little is known about its effects at the cellular level.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] therefore in the current review, we examined the effect of aloe vera on cutaneous wound healing and concluded that although aloe vera improves the wound healing as well as other procedures both clinically and experimentally, more studies are still needed to approve the outcomes.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] our data indicated that both aloe vera gel (avg) and cape aloe extract (cae) significantly improved wound healing in human primary epidermal keratinocytes (hpeks) and a human skin equivalent model.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] aloe vera (a.v) have been used traditionally for topical treatment of wounds and burns in different countries for centuries, but the mechanism of this effect is not well understood.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] aloe vera is used widely to promote general health and is administered topically to treat skin conditions such as eczema, burns and wounds.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] in people with chronic wounds, one trial found no statistically significant difference in pressure ulcer healing with aloe vera (rr 0.10, 95% ci -1.59 to 1.79) and in a trial of surgical wounds healing by secondary intention aloe vera significantly delayed healing (mean difference 30 days, 95% ci 7.59 to 52.41).

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] there is currently an absence of high quality clinical trial evidence to support the use of aloe vera topical agents or aloe vera dressings as treatments for acute and chronic wounds.

Does aloe vera help with neurodermatitis, poorly healing or fresh wounds? [SEP] aloe vera has been recognized as a valuable medicinal plant for the treatment of burns. |||

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] various reports suggest that mobile phone use can cause health problems like fatigue, headache, dizziness, tension, and sleep disturbances; however, only limited research data is available in medical literature regarding interaction between electromagnetic fields emitted by mobile phones and auditory function; and the possible impact on hearing.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] there has been wide public discussion on whether the electromagnetic fields of mobile telephones and their base stations affect human sleep or cognitive functioning.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] people with self-attributed electromagnetic hypersensitivity (ehs) complain of subjective symptoms such as headaches, insomnia, and memory loss, and attribute these symptoms to radio frequency (rf) radiation from cellular phones and/or base stations.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] the widespread use of mobile telephones has given rise to concern about the potential influences of electromagnetic fields (emfs) on human health.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] the increased use of mobile phones worldwide has focused interest on the biological effects and possible health outcomes of exposure to radiofrequency fields from mobile phones, and their base stations.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] with the increasing use of mobile communication, concerns have been expressed about the possible interactions of electromagnetic radiation with the human organism and, in particular, the brain.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] with the number of cellular phone users rapidly increasing, there is a considerable amount of public concern regarding the effects that electromagnetic fields (emfs) from cellular phones have on health.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] background: electromagnetic pollution is a general health concern worldwide, as cell phone towers are ubiquitous and are located adjacent to or on the roof of schools, and hospitals.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] as the use of smart phones increases, social concerns have arisen concerning the possible effects of radio frequency-electromagnetic fields (rf-emfs) emitted from wideband code division multiple access (wcdma) mobile phones on human health.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] consequences of long-term exposure to the electromagnetic radiation caused by cell phone towers are still unknown and can potentially be a new health hazard.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] the debate regarding the health effects of low-intensity electromagnetic radiation from sources such as power lines, base stations, and cell phones has recently been reignited.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] abstract in the last years, it has been discussed frequently whether there are any harmful effects of electromagnetic fields on human health.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] there are several reports which indicate that electromagnetic radiation (such as from mobile phones) at non-thermal levels may elicit a biological effect in target cells or tissues.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] resulting from radio frequency (rf) radiation by cellular phones.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] there are public concerns regarding possible carcinogenic or cancer-promoting effects of radiofrequency electromagnetic fields (rf-emfs) because of the extensive use of wireless mobile phones and other telecommunication devices in daily life.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] this study aims to investigate the effects of electromagnetic fields induced by the global system for mobile communications (gsm) mobile phones on the thyroid stimulating hormone (tsh) and thyroid hormones in humans.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] this cross-sectional study evaluated the potential effect of electromagnetic radiation generated from various resources including cell phone towers on blood glutathione s transferase activity (e-gst) and total antioxidant activity of the jordanian population.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] possible effects of rf-emf exposure on human sleep were examined with regard to mobile phones and base stations, but not with regard to wi-fi exposure.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] mobile phone use is ubiquitous, although the alleged health effects of low level radio-frequency radiation (rfr) used in transmission are contentious.

Does electromagnetic radiation from cell phone towers cause health problems such as headaches or sleep disorders? [SEP] in the present review, the authors attempt to address the following question: is there epidemiologic evidence for an association between long-term cell phone usage and the risk of developing a brain tumor? |||

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] moreover, resistance genes can be transferred from bacteria of animals to human pathogens in the intestinal flora of humans.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] furthermore, antimicrobial-resistant bacteria and resistant genes can be transmitted from animals to humans either by direct contact or via the food chain.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] there is concern that antibiotic resistance can potentially be transferred from animals to humans through the food chain.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] moreover, resistant bacteria in animals can be transferred to people--usually through the consumption of food, but also through direct contact with food-producing animals or through environmental spread.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] resistant bacteria from animals may be passed to humans via the food chain or direct animal contact, and may result in resistant infections.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] while antibiotic treatments help cure infectious diseases in farm animals, the possibility of spreading antibiotic resistance genes into the environment and human microbiomes raises significant concerns.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] this review summarizes the current knowledge of the use of antimicrobial agents in animal health and explores the role of bacteria from animals as a pool of antimicrobial resistance genes for human bacteria.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] a potential concern about the use of antibiotics in animal husbundary is that, as antibiotic resistant bacteria move from the farm into the human diet, they may pass antibiotic resistance genes to bacteria that normally reside in a the human intestinal tract and from there to bacteria that cause human disease (reservoir hypothesis).

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] in addition, concern has been raised for the potential transfer of resistance determinants from animals to humans through commensal bacterial flora such as escherichia coli.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] the potential for transmission of antibiotic-resistant enteric zoonotic bacteria from animals to humans has been a public health concern for several decades.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] it is widely accepted that the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry selects for drug resistant microorganisms, which are then spread from the farm environment to humans through the consumption of contaminated food products.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] the development of resistance in some human pathogens, such as methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus and multi-drug resistant mycobacterium tuberculosis, is linked to the use of antimicrobials in man and there is no evidence for animal involvement.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] the development of resistance in some human pathogens, such as methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus and multi-drug resistant mycobacterium tuberculosis, is linked to the use of antimicrobials in man and there is no evidence for animal involvement.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] the intensive use of antimicrobials in animals may promote the fixation of antimicrobial resistance genes in bacteria, which may be zoonotic or capable to transfer these genes to human-adapted pathogens or to human gut microbiota via direct contact, food or the environment.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] antimicrobial resistance is a growing problem in human medicine, and concern has been expressed that use of antimicrobials in animals may be a contributing factor.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] genomic investigation of specific resistance genes from the gut microbiomes of swine and cattle in this study should provide opportunities to better understand the exchange of antibiotic resistance genes in farm animals.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] treatment of food-producing animals with antimicrobial agents that are important in human therapy may present a public health risk by the transfer of resistant zoonotic pathogens or resistant genes from animals to humans via consumption of contaminated food.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] however, there are several good examples of transfer of resistant bacteria or bacterial resistance genes from animals to man via the food chain.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] however, there are several good examples of transfer of resistant bacteria or bacterial resistance genes from animals to man via the food chain.

Can antibiotic-resistant germs from animal husbandry be transferred to humans? [SEP] antimicrobial resistance is a growing concern for public and animal health. |||

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] development of antibiotic resistance in the microbiota of farm animals and spread of antibiotic-resistant bacteria in the agricultural sector not only threaten veterinary use of antibiotics, but jeopardize human health care as well.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] the widespread use of antibiotics in animals is causing concerns about the growing risk for development and the spread of antibiotic-resistant bacteria.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] antibiotics are commonly applied to animals to prevent diseases and promote growth, making livestock agriculture a major source of antibiotic pollution.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] however, inappropriate doses of antibiotic drugs may result in antibiotic residues in food of animal origin and may cause various side effects on human health.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] antibiotics have been widely used in livestock to treat and prevent bacterial diseases.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] antibiotics are widely used in veterinary medicine to treat and prevent diseases and their residues can remain in food of animal origin causing adverse effects to human health.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] antimicrobial resistance is a growing problem in human medicine, and concern has been expressed that use of antimicrobials in animals may be a contributing factor.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] the overuse of antibiotics in animal husbandry is widespread and believed to significantly contribute to the selection of antibiotic resistance genes (args) in animals.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] antibiotics can disturb the intestinal microbial community, which play a fundamental role in animals' health.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] there is accumulating evidence that the use of antimicrobials in food-producing animals has adverse human health consequences.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] antibiotics have been widely used for disease prevention and treatment of the human and animals, and for growth promotion in animal husbandry.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] antibiotics are widely used in human and veterinary medicine for the prevention and treatment of infectious diseases.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] it is often proposed that the indiscriminate use of antimicrobial agents in the veterinary field leads to increased resistance in bacteria pathogenic to humans.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] one major source of perturbation to microbiomes, in humans and human-associated animals, is exposure to antibiotics.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] antibiotics have been widely used for the prevention and the treatment of diseases to humans and animals, and they have fed additives for agricultural animals to promote growth.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] animals kept as companions or for sports often receive advanced care, and antibiotic resistance can lead to negative social and economic consequences for the owners.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] studies suggest that there is a link between the agricultural use of antibiotics and antibiotic-resistant human infections.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] this practice has led to the emergence of antimicrobial-resistant bacteria in both humans and animals.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] in the last project, the relation between the use of biocides in animal husbandry and antibiotic resistance development are being studied.

Does the use of antibiotics in animal husbandry harm human health? [SEP] the use of antibiotics in food animals selects for resistant pathogens and resistance genes that may be transferred to humans through the consumption or handling of foods of animal origin. |||

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] vitamin d intake has been hypothesized to reduce the risk of several types of cancer.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] a diversity of scientific literature supports a role for vitamin d in decreasing colorectal cancer incidence, but the available evidence provides only limited support for an inverse association between vitamin d status and the risk of other types of cancer.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] there are substantial preclinical and epidemiologic data that suggest that vitamin d plays a role in the prevention and treatment of cancer.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] a number of mechanisms have been identified through which vitamin d may reduce the risk of colorectal and several other types of cancer.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] although studies that include vitamin d from all sources or serum 25(oh)d3 usually show significantly reduced incidence of colorectal cancer in association with vitamin d, analyses limited to dietary vitamin d tend to have mixed results.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] there is strong evidence from several different lines of investigation supporting the hypothesis that vitamin d may reduce the risk of colorectal cancer.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] studies that combine multiple sources of vitamin d or examine serum 25(oh)d3 usually find that above-average vitamin d intake and serum metabolite concentrations are associated with significantly reduced incidence of colorectal cancer.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] we investigated the relationship between vitamin d status, using circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin d [25(oh)d], and lung cancer risk in a nested case-control study within the alpha-tocopherol, beta-carotene cancer prevention study of finnish male smokers.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] the potential role of vitamin d in cancer prevention has generated substantial interest, and laboratory experiments indicate several anti-cancer properties for vitamin d compounds.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] there has been substantial enthusiasm recently regarding the potential role of vitamin d in the primary and secondary prevention of cancer.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] in this cohort of women with elevated risk, high serum 25(oh)d levels and regular vitamin d supplement use were associated with lower rates of incident, postmenopausal breast cancer over 5 y of follow-up.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] vitamin d has been hypothesized to reduce cancer mortality through its effects on incidence and/or survival.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] this review critically examines the currently available epidemiologic literature regarding the associations between circulating 25(oh)d, vitamin d supplementation, and vitamin d-related genetic variation and cancer risk and mortality, with a particular emphasis on prospective studies.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] ecologic studies and experimental data suggest that vitamin d may reduce ovarian cancer risk.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] higher circulating levels of vitamin d (i.e., 25-hydroxyvitamin d or 25(oh)d) appear to be associated with reduced risk of colorectal and bladder malignancies, but higher risk of prostate and possibly pancreatic cancers, with no clear association for most other organ sites examined.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] in summary, our data suggest that low levels of 25(oh)d are associated with increased risk of fatal cancer in patients referred to coronary angiography and that the maintenance of a sufficient vitamin d status might therefore be a promising approach for the prevention and/or treatment of cancer.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] a role for vitamin d in cancer risk reduction has been hypothesized, but few data exist for lung cancer.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] therefore, we examined whether plasma concentrations of 25-hydroxyvitamin d (a measure of overall vitamin d status) and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin d (biologically active form) were associated with risk of epithelial ovarian cancer in a nested-case control study using data from three prospective cohorts: the nurses' health study (nhs), nhsii, and the women's health study (whs).

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] the physiological role of vitamin d extends beyond bone health and calcium-phosphate homeostasis to effects on cancer risk, mainly for colorectal cancer.

Does regular vitamin D intake lower the risk of cancer in adults? [SEP] patients deficient in vitamin d (less than 10.0 ng/ml) had increased colorectal cancer risk 19.2 fold compared to control. |||

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] however, we hypothesised that maternal flaxseed intake during lactation could induce several metabolic dysfunctions in adult offspring.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] these results suggest that 4 weeks use of flaxseed does not have deleterious effects on the hemopoietic system or renal and hepatic function and does not lower blood pressure and serum lipids.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] results showed that the use of flaxseed flour did not cause adverse effects on the penis morphology but increases the 17β-estradiol hormone, when consumed in integral form for a prolonged period.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] although maternal feeding of flaxseed during lactation appears to be safe with respect to reproductive indices among offspring, future investigation is required to elucidate whether there are any long-term implications with respect to fertility.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] it is also not known if long-term use of flaxseed in humans has deleterious effects on the hemopoietic system, serum glucose, and renal and kidney function.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] these pilot data suggest that a flaxseed-supplemented, fat-restricted diet may affect prostate cancer biology and associated biomarkers.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] the intake of 70 g/day of fs and ff raised lipid and energy excretion, which may mitigated the effect of flaxseed consumption on body weight.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] consumption of foods rich in phytoestrogens such as flaxseed has increased due to its chemoprotective effects, especially those related to the cardiovascular system.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] flaxseeds have been shown to play a role in the prevention of cancer and heart disease, and it is believed that their more favorable fatty acid composition is responsible.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] twenty four healthy volunteers were allocated into 3 experimental groups, when they consumed flaxseed (fs), defatted flaxseed flour (ff), or flaxseed oil (fo).

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] flaxseed has functional properties in the reduction of the risk of chronic non-communicable diseases such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and cancer.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] however, flaxseed meal may be susceptible to oxidation by exposure to various storage conditions which is extremely undesirable and produces toxic compounds to human health.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] flaxseed has been shown to have variable effects on plasma lipids.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] effects of flaxseed on serum lipids have been studied in humans, but the results are variable.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] the flaxseed has components that can interfere with development of male reproductive system.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] the objective of this study was to determine whether maternal feeding of flaxseed during lactation altered reproductive indices in male and female offspring.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] flaxseed oil in human subjects had no effect on serum tg, tc, ldl-c or hdl-c. flaxseed with very low alpha-linolenic acid reduced serum tc, ldl-c and the risk ratio, elevated serum tg and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (vldl-c) and had no effect on serum hdl.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to evaluate energy and macronutrient balance after flaxseed consumption.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] we investigated the effect of short-term use of flaxseed in humans on arterial pressure and serum lipids (triglycerides, total cholesterol; high-, low-, and very-low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol [hdl-c, ldl-c, vldl-c], hemopoietic system (red blood cells, neutrophils, hemoglobin) and the various biochemical parameters, such as serum protein, albumin, total bilirubin, aspartate aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase, creatinine, urea, related to hepatic and renal function, and serum glucose.

Does regular consumption of ground flaxseed harm health? [SEP] rats fed with diet containing flaxseed showed increased concentrations of 17β-estradiol (p=0.01) but no changes in testosterone concentrations. |||

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] we investigated whether mmr vaccination is associated with an increased risk of autism or other pervasive developmental disorders.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] the study strongly supports that mmr vaccination does not increase the risk for autism, does not trigger autism in susceptible children, and is not associated with clustering of autism cases after vaccination.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] it has been suggested that vaccination with the measles-mumps-rubella (mmr) vaccine causes autism.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] it has been suggested that vaccination, particularly with measles-mumps-rubella (mmr) vaccine, may be related to the development of autism.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] it has recently been suggested that mmr vaccine might cause autism, but that the induction interval need not be short.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] to evaluate whether the mmr vaccine increases the risk for autism in children, subgroups of children, or time periods after vaccination.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] the measles-mumps-rubella (mmr) vaccine has been postulated to cause a form of autism characterized by regression and bowel symptoms, and onset occurring shortly after vaccination.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] a report published in 1998, but subsequently retracted by the journal, suggested that measles, mumps, and rubella (mmr) vaccine causes autism.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] there is no proof that the overall risk of autism is higher in children who were vaccinated with mmr or of an increase in autism prevalence associated with the use of the mmr vaccine.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] despite research showing no link between the measles-mumps-rubella (mmr) vaccine and autism spectrum disorders (asd), beliefs that the vaccine causes autism persist, leading to lower vaccination levels.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] public fears of rising rates of children being diagnosed with autistic spectrum disorders has led to a fear that immunizations, specifically the measles-mumps-varicella vaccine (mmr), may trigger autism.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] case reports have described children who developed signs of both developmental regression and gastrointestinal symptoms shortly after mmr vaccination.a review of the literature revealed no convincing scientific evidence to support a causal relationship between the use of mmr vaccines and autism.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] several epidemiologic studies have not found an association between mmr vaccination and autism, including a study that found that mmr vaccine was not associated with an increased risk of autism even among high-risk children whose older siblings had autism.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] considerable concern has been generated in the lay and medical communities by a theory that increased measles-mumps-rubella (mmr) immunization among young children may be the cause of an apparent marked increase in autism occurrence.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] the hypothesis that mmr vaccines cause autism was first raised by reports of cases in which developmental regression occurred soon after mmr vaccination.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] a causal relationship between the measles, mumps, and rubella (mmr) vaccine and occurrence of autism spectrum disorders (asd) has been claimed, based on an increase in asd in the usa and the uk after introduction of the mmr vaccine.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] the hypothesized link between the measles, mumps, rubella (mmr) vaccine and autism continues to cause concern and challenge vaccine uptake.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] our results do not support this hypothesis, and provide further evidence against a causal association between mmr vaccination and autism.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] currently, the weight of the available epidemiological and related evidence does not support a causal association between mmr vaccine, or any other vaccine or vaccine constituent, and autism.

1. can MMR vaccination cause autism? [SEP] the belief that there is a link between the mmr vaccine and autism has led to a decline in childhood-immunization uptake and a resurgence of preventable infectious diseases. |||

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] results of this systematic review and meta-analysis suggest that monovalent, pentavalent, monovalent human-bovine, oral bovine pentavalent, and human neonatal rotavirus vaccination was not associated with an elevated risk of intussusception among neonates or infants.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] currently available rotavirus vaccines have been associated with a small increased risk of intussusception (~1-2 cases per 100,000 vaccinated infants) in some populations.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] to evaluate the association between rotavirus vaccination and risk of intussusception.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] twenty cases of definite intussusception were diagnosed within 31 days after rotavirus vaccination, with 11 cases (55%) in the vaccine group and 9 cases (45%) in the placebo group (rd, 0.17 per 10 000 infants [95% ci, -1.16 to 1.50 per 10 000 infants], p = .80; rr, 1.14 [95% ci, 0.49 to 2.64], p = .77).

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] to examine the risk of intussusception following pentavalent rotavirus vaccine (rv5) in us infants.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] in some settings, rotavirus vaccines have been associated with a low-level risk of intussusception, the most common cause of bowel obstruction in infants.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] although current rotavirus vaccines were not associated with an increased risk of intussusception in large trials before licensure, recent postlicensure data from international settings suggest the possibility of a small increase in risk of intussusception after monovalent rotavirus vaccination.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] several studies have shown an association between vaccination with the rotavirus vaccine and the development of intussusception.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] one concern about rotavirus vaccines is its possible association with intussusception.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] the hypothesis tested in the present study is that rotavirus vaccines are associated with an increased risk of intussusception adverse events (aes) characterized by an onset in a biologically plausible a priori identified temporal period post-vaccination (days 3 to 7).

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] in addition, live oral rotavirus vaccines have been associated with intussusception.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] one concern about rotavirus vaccine, however, is a possible association with intussusception.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] we conducted a case-control study among children <2 years old in bangladesh, nepal, pakistan, and vietnam to evaluate infectious etiologies of intussusception before rotavirus vaccine introduction.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] among us infants aged 4 to 34 weeks who received rv5, the risk of intussusception was not increased compared with infants who did not receive the rotavirus vaccine.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] in infants with intestinal failure, rotavirus vaccination appears to be safe and immunogenic.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] using sequential analyses, we then compared the risk of intussusception among children receiving monovalent rotavirus vaccine with historical background rates.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] adenovirus has been associated with intussusception and slightly increased risk of intussusception with rotavirus vaccination has been found.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] intussusception, a rare adverse event associated with rotavirus vaccines in some settings, is a common cause of intestinal obstruction in infants and toddlers globally with a peak age of 4-6 months.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] possible relationship with a withdrawn tetravalent rotavirus vaccine was not confirmed by post-licensure studies and actually no increased risk of intussusception was found between infants vaccinated with both the recently licensed rotavirus vaccines.

3. does vaccination against rotavirus increase the risk of intestinal intussusception in infants? [SEP] we describe the surveillance for intussusception in a phase iii clinical trial with an oral monovalent rotavirus vaccine developed from the neonatal 116e strain. |||

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] ozone might be a useful tool to reduce and control oral infectious microorganisms in dental plaque and dental cavity.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] to assess whether ozone is effective in arresting or reversing the progression of dental caries.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] the usage of ozone in dentistry has been proposed because of its antimicrobial, disinfectant, biocompatibility and healing properties.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] this paper presents a brief review on the chemistry of ozone as well as its medical and dental applications focusing on its use in endodontics.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] ozone was suggested for treatment of hypersensitive dentin.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] ozone (o3) has been suggested as an anti-microbial treatment in dentistry, with an ozone gas delivery system introduced for the treatment of fissure and root caries.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] the primary objective of this article is to provide a general review about the clinical applications of ozone in periodontics.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] the therapeutic application of ozone and its derivatives in the dental field has been used for many purposes.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] ozone's antimicrobial activity, its effect on dentin bonding, toxicity and contra-indications are also reviewed.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] ozone has been proposed as an alternative antiseptic agent in dentistry based on reports of its antimicrobial effects in both gaseous and aqueous forms.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] in the last decade a number of therapeutic protocols with ozone have been developed to address common dental infections associated with periodontal disease, rct and caries.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] the purpose of this article was to assess the effectiveness of ozone therapy in the management and prevention of caries, reviewing clinical and in vitro studies.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] ozone treatment has been presented and discussed in the literature, as one of the "new" ways to treat dental caries.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] the hypothesis that ozone promotes remineralization of dentinal lesions was tested in vitro.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] ozone, either in gaseous form or as ozonated water, has been available for use as a treatment for dental caries for a decade.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] the beneficial biological effects of ozone, its anti-microbial activity, oxidation of bio-molecules precursors and microbial toxins implicated in periodontal diseases and its healing and tissue regeneration properties, make the use of ozone well indicated in all stages of gingival and periodontal diseases.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] there is growing interest in the use of ozone in oral healthcare and the national institute for clinical excellence (nice) is at present reviewing the evidence for its effectiveness in the management of occlusal and plain surface caries.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] ozone treatment of non-cavitated occlusal lesions for 40 s failed to significantly reduce the numbers of viable bacteria in infected dentine beneath the demineralized enamel.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] artificial caries-like lesions in dentin were treated with ozone gas, with another potent oxidizer (sodium hypochlorite, naocl, 10%) or with water.

Is ozone suitable for the treatment of tooth decay? [SEP] the keywords "ozone", "ozonated", "ozonation" "ozonized", "ozonization", "dentistry", "periodontology", "oral surgery", "oxygen-ozone therapy" were used to perform a literature review using pubmed, cochrane, google scholar, zotero databases with the temporal restriction for manuscripts published between 2010 and 2020. |||

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] diets that are based on the abo blood group system have been promoted over the past decade and claim to improve health and decrease risk of disease.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] the 'blood-type' diet advises individuals to eat according to their abo blood group to improve their health and decrease risk of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] a systematic search was performed to answer the following question: in humans grouped according to blood type, does adherence to a specific diet improve health and/or decrease risk of disease compared with nonadherence to the diet?

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] however, little evidence is available regarding whether individuals with different blood types benefit from different diet recommendations.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] adherence to certain 'blood-type' diets is associated with favorable effects on some cardiometabolic risk factors, but these associations were independent of an individual's abo genotype, so the findings do not support the 'blood-type' diet hypothesis.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] no evidence currently exists to validate the purported health benefits of blood type diets.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] this healthier diet will reduce cardiovascular disease and is similar to the diet now being advocated for the prevention of some forms of cancer.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] to our knowledge, the evidence to support the effectiveness of blood type diets has not previously been assessed in the scientific literature.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] although the dash (dietary approaches to stop hypertension) diet has been shown to lower blood pressure (bp) in short-term feeding studies, it has not been shown to lower bp among free-living individuals, nor has it been shown to alter cardiovascular biomarkers of risk.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] matching the 'blood-type' diets with the corresponding blood group did not change the effect size of any of these associations.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] the answer to the question the title of this paper puts is: no a p/s ratio diet alone does not lower blood pressure!

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] multiple studies have demonstrated strong links between diet and anemia, but few have explored the impact of food groups on hemoglobin (hb).

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] to validate these claims, studies are required that compare the health outcomes between participants adhering to a particular blood type diet (experimental group) and participants continuing a standard diet (control group) within a particular blood type population.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] although much of the attention on diet and hypertension has centered around the rule of specific nutrients such as sodium, potassium, and alcohol, it has become evident that certain complex dietary patterns have a blood pressure-lowering effect and may help protect against the development of hypertension.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] participants in higher sex-specific quintiles (q) of the long-term dash-type diet had lower bp (p≤0·08), higher hdl-cholesterol (p<0·001) and lower tag (p<0·001) compared with people in q1.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] we analyzed the correlation between ghanaian diet and hb levels to explore reduction of anemia prevalence through dietary interventions.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] as part of a larger intervention trial using a low-fat vegan diet, this study ascertained whether changes in cardiometabolic outcomes were associated with abo blood type.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] however, the association between blood type-based dietary patterns and health outcomes has not been examined.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] the ease of access to plant proteins makes it likely that this food group will be most influential and have the greatest impact in reduction of anemia in the ghanaian population.

Does the so-called blood group diet have any health benefits? [SEP] in this current systematic review, published studies that presented data related to blood type diets were identified and critically appraised by using the grading of recommendations, assessment, development and evaluation (grade) approach. |||

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] pumpkin seeds have been known in folk medicine as remedy for kidney, bladder and prostate disorders since centuries.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] pumpkin seeds are often used in traditional medicine in the management of erectile dysfunction.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] in this study, we evaluated the effect of the pumpkin seed oil from cucurbita maxima on urinary dysfunction in human overactive bladder (oab).

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] the results from our study suggest that pumpkin seed oil extracts from c. maxima as well as from c. pepo are effective for urinary disorders such as oab in humans.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] practical applications: this study brought to limelight the medicinal importance of fluted pumpkin seed in erectile functions.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] the pumpkin seed oil obtained from cucurbita pepo has been shown to be useful for the treatment of nocturia in patients with urinal disorders in several western countries.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] the positive modulatory effect of the fluted pumpkin seed on these critical markers of erectile function could be attributed to its polyphenolics and amino acid constituents.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] moreover, due to the lack of androgenic activity, pumpkin seed applications can be regarded as safe for the prostate.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] the cell growth inhibition for fast growing cells together with the cell growth inhibition of prostate-, breast- and colon cancer cells corroborates the ethnomedical use of pumpkin seeds for a treatment of benign prostate hyperplasia.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] hence, this study investigated the influence of fluted pumpkin seed on critical enzymes involved in erectile function in isolated rats' corpus cavernosum in vitro.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] the aim was to assess the efficacy of a mix of pumpkin seed extract, soy germ isoflavonoids, and cranberry (novex®) in the management of mild to moderate luts in bph patients.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] pumpkin seed oil from c. maxima significantly reduced the degree of oabss in the subjects.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] the aqueous extract of the fluted pumpkin seed significantly (p < .05) scavenged free radicals and inhibited pde-5, arginase, ache, and ace in rats' corpus cavernosum in a concentration-dependent pattern.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] therefore, this seed could be used as a functional food ingredient in the management of erectile dysfunctions and also in improving erectile functions in men.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] pudendal nerve stimulation is known to have a potential modulative effect on bladder function.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] in addition, the dominant phenolics and amino acid constituents of this seed might be an effective nutraceutical in enhancing erections in men.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] phytotherapy for lower urinary tract symptoms (lutss) due to benign prostate hyperplasia (bph) is progressively demanded by patients and trusted by physicians.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] the bioactivity of a hydro-ethanolic extract of pumpkin seeds from the styrian pumpkin, cucurbita pepo l. subsp.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] intravesically administered pge2 reduced bladder capacity, producing a model of overactive bladder (oab), and sensory pudendal nerve stimulation again increased bladder capacity but also reduced voiding efficiency.

Can pumpkin seeds or preparations from them help women and men with irritable bladder, bladder weakness or incontinence? [SEP] pudendal nerve stimulation is a promising treatment approach for lower urinary tract dysfunction, including symptoms of overactive bladder. |||

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] bee products including honey and propolis have been introduced for malignancy treatment in recent decades.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] in this paper, the effects of honey, propolis, and royal jelly on different metabolic diseases, cancers, and other diseases have been reviewed.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] an overview of honey, propolis, and royal jelly and their biological potentials was highlighted.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] honeybees products comprise of numerous substances, including propolis, bee pollen, and royal jelly, which have long been known for their medicinal and health-promoting properties.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] honeybees produce honey, royal jelly, propolis, bee venom, bee pollen, and beeswax, which potentially benefit to humans due to the bioactives in them.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] honey, propolis, bee pollen, bee bread, royal jelly, beeswax and bee venom are natural products which have been used in medicine since ancient times.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] there are several health benefits that honeybee products such as honey, propolis, and royal jelly claim toward various types of diseases in addition to being food.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] having regarded the importance of acquiring drugs from natural sources, this review is aimed at updating the current state of knowledge of antioxidant capacity of selected bee products, namely, propolis, bee pollen, and royal jelly, and of their potential antioxidant-related therapeutic applications.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] however, anti-cancer activity of propolis obtained from trigona sirindhornae, a new species of stingless bee, has not yet been reported.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] this study was designed to examine the anti-tumor and anti-metastasis effects of honey bee larvae powder (hlp) and explore the underlying mechanism.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] and purpose: apitherapists promote the medical use of products from the beehive (bee venom, propolis, pollen, honey, royal jelly, dead bees, apilarnil, wax, wax moths), the use of beehive air or therapeutic sleep on a beehive.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] bee products, including propolis, are a valuable source of biologically active substances.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] therefore, in this study, we investigated the cytotoxic effects of particular tree-originated honeys from chestnut, cedar, pine, and multifloral honey on cell lines representing different types of the most common cancer of women, breast cancer, mcf7, skbr3, and mdamb-231, and fibrocystic breast epithelial cell line, mcf10a as a control.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] also, we found that honey and propolis decreased p53 gene expression in hepg2 and 5637 significantly but not in l929 cells.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] based on our results that showed that honey produced faster healing in patients with grade 2/3 chemotherapy-induced mucositis, we recommend using honey and possibly other bee products and olive oil in future therapeutic trials targeting chemotherapy-induced mucositis.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] propolis extract has increased the expression of the bcl-2 gene in all cell lines whereas the honey decreased that significantly (p < 0.05).

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] by downregulation of bcl-2 expression it could be concluded that the cytotoxicity of honey was more than two fold against tested cancer cells compared with the sugar solution.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] background: propolis, a resinous substance produced by the honeybee, has a wide spectrum of potent biological activities.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] the chestnut and cedar honeys stand out to be the most cytotoxic on all cell lines, while pine honey was found to be the least toxic on control cells with appropriate toxicity on the cancer cells.

Do products from bees like honey, propolis, royal jelly or bee venom help against cancer? [SEP] chestnut, cedar, and pine honey displayed a remarkably cytotoxic effect on breast cancer cell lines, mcf7, skbr3, and even on the most aggressive mdamb 231, representing the triple negative breast cancer, which lacks of targeted anticancer therapy. |||

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] we conclude pumpkin seed oil can inhibit testosterone-induced hyperplasia of the prostate and therefore may be beneficial in the management of benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] pumpkin seeds are often used in traditional medicine in the management of erectile dysfunction.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] the cell growth inhibition for fast growing cells together with the cell growth inhibition of prostate-, breast- and colon cancer cells corroborates the ethnomedical use of pumpkin seeds for a treatment of benign prostate hyperplasia.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] the oil from the pumpkin (cucurbita pepo) seed is claimed to be useful in the management of benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] pumpkin seeds have been known in folk medicine as remedy for kidney, bladder and prostate disorders since centuries.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] practical applications: this study brought to limelight the medicinal importance of fluted pumpkin seed in erectile functions.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] moreover, due to the lack of androgenic activity, pumpkin seed applications can be regarded as safe for the prostate.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] the positive modulatory effect of the fluted pumpkin seed on these critical markers of erectile function could be attributed to its polyphenolics and amino acid constituents.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] this investigation seeks to examine the effect of pumpkin seed oil on testosterone-induced hyperplasia of the prostate of rats.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] overall, in men with bph, 12 months of treatment with pumpkin seed led to a clinically relevant reduction in ipss compared with placebo.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] the german research activities on natural urologicals (granu) study was a randomized, partially blinded, placebo-controlled, parallel-group trial that investigated the efficacy of pumpkin seed in men with lower urinary tract symptoms suggestive of benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph/luts).

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] numerous plants improve uncontrolled growth of the prostate gland and improve urinary tract symptoms associated with bph.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] testosterone significantly increased prostate size ratio (p < .05), and this induced increase was inhibited in rats fed with pumpkin seed oil at 2.0 mg/100 g of body weight.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] in this study, we evaluated the effect of the pumpkin seed oil from cucurbita maxima on urinary dysfunction in human overactive bladder (oab).

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] in a single-arm, mono-center pilot study, the effects of a proprietary oil-free hydroethanolic pumpkin seed extract on the symptoms of bph were investigated.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] a total of 60 men (62.3 years [95% confidence interval (ci): 60.3-64.3 years]) with a total international prostate symptom score (ipss) of 14.8 (95% ci: 13.5-16.1) participated between january 2017 and october 2017 in the study by ingesting the oil-free hydroethanolic pumpkin seed extract once daily before going to bed during 3 months.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] hence, this study investigated the influence of fluted pumpkin seed on critical enzymes involved in erectile function in isolated rats' corpus cavernosum in vitro.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] the results from our study suggest that pumpkin seed oil extracts from c. maxima as well as from c. pepo are effective for urinary disorders such as oab in humans.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] in a randomised, double-blind study, the preparation curbicin, obtained from pumpkin seeds and dwarf palm plants (cucurbita pepo l. and sabal serrulata), was compared with a placebo in the treatment of symptoms caused by prostatic hyperplasia; 53 patients took part in the study, which was carried out over a 3-month period.

Do pumpkin seed preparations improve symptoms caused by a benign enlarged prostate? [SEP] these results indicate that the oil-free hydroethanolic pumpkin seed extract seems to be a very well tolerable, appropriate plant extract to support health benefits in a collective suffering from bph related symptoms without the need of medical treatment. |||

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] oral supplementation with aesculus hippocastanum, ruscus aculeatus, centella asiatica, hamamelis virginiana, and bioflavonoids may prevent time-consuming, painful, and expensive complications of varicose veins and hemorrhoids.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] a gel including aescin, essential phospholipids (epl), and heparin (eg) has been used for many years for local treatment of venous, microcirculatory alterations (varicose veins, chronic venous insufficiency).

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] varicose veins are treated with mechanical compression stockings.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] oral dietary supplementation is an attractive addition to the traditional treatment of hemorrhoids and varicose veins.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] hemorrhoids and varicose veins are common conditions seen by general practitioners.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] essaven gel (eg) has been developed for local treatment of venous and microcirculatory alterations (varicose veins, chronic venous insufficiency, associated signs and symptoms).

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] injection sclerotherapy is the non-surgical treatment for primary varicose veins.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] aescin + essential phospholipids (aepl) topical gels are used for local treatment of venous and microcirculatory alterations (varicose veins, chronic venous insufficiency).

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] the aim of this new study was the evaluation of the efficacy of the effects of aepl gel on the microcirculation in subjects with chronic venous insufficiency, venous hypertension (cvh), and venous microangiopathy.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] the aim of this study was the evaluation of the efficacy of the effects of an aepl (aescin+epl) gel on the microcirculation in subjects with chronic venous insufficiency, venous hypertension (cvh), and venous microangiopathy.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] the loss of vascular integrity is associated with the pathogenesis of both hemorrhoids and varicose veins.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] this paper presents the results of a clinical study in which three herbal formulations/vagitories, based on extracts of st. john's wort, chamomile, calendula, yarrow, shepherd's purse and tea tree oil, were investigated for their effectiveness on vaginitis.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] bruises, swelling, thrombophlebitis, and contusions are effectively treated with this compound.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] sport injuries (bruises, swelling secondary to sprains and contusions) respond favorably to eg, which is also indicated for varices in pregnancy.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] stable formulations containing 5% (w/w) of a trilaureth-4 phosphate-based blend were supplemented with 0.10%, 0.25% or 0.50% (w/w) of freeze-dried aloe vera extract and applied to the volar forearm of 20 female subjects.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] vagitories based on tea tree oil showed better efficiency compared to vagitories with st. john's wort and vagitories based on extracts of five plants.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] plant species, st. john's wort, chamomile, calendula, yarrow, shepherd's purse and tea tree oil are all well known for their anti-inflammatory, antimicrobial and wound healing activity.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] considering these observations, topical treatment with aepl in areas of venous microangiopathy is beneficial, can prevent ulceration, and improves the skin healing processes.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] the gel and whole-leaf materials of a. vera, a. ferox and a. marlothii have shown the ability to heal wounds at a faster rate and to a larger extent than untreated keratinocytes.

Can gels and ointments containing arnica, hawthorn, cypress, butcher's broom, Asian (or Indian) pennywort, and heparin, such as VaricoFix, relieve discomfort and secondary symptoms of varicose veins? [SEP] several botanical extracts have been shown to improve microcirculation, capillary flow, and vascular tone, and to strengthen the connective tissue of the perivascular amorphous substrate. |||

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] acute otitis media (aom) is one of the most commonly diagnosed problems by primary care providers.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] despite high complications rate ventilation tube insertion still remains the treatment of choice in children with otitis media with effusion.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] antibiotic therapy does not significantly benefit most patients with aom, but long-term prophylactic antibiotic therapy can reduce the risk of otitis media recurrence among children at high risk.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] the goal of this study was to evaluate the effects of middle ear packing agents (mepa) on post-operative hearing improvement and complications after tympanoplasty in patients with adhesive otitis media (om).

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] otitis media (om) is an infection localized in the middle ear: mastoid, middle ear cavity, eustachian tube.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] a prospective study was carried out to evaluate the prevalence and the etiology of acute otitis media (aom) in children with acute bronchiolitis.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] to assess the symptoms and signs of acute otitis media and efficiency of simple antibiotics like amoxicillin in its treatment in the primary health care setup.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] intranasal surfactant reduced the severity and duration of middle ear infection in aom in this animal model.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] the objective was to determine the effect of intranasal surfactant alone and with other medications administered by metered dose inhaler aerosol on the function of the eustachian tube and on the resolution of experimentally induced otitis media with effusion (ome) and acute otitis media (aom).

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] patients were diagnosed as suffering from acute otitis media when presented with earache, fever, fullness and or otorrhea.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] otitis media (om) is a spectrum of infectious and inflammatory diseases that involve the middle ear.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] acute otitis media is a disease with high global prevalence, that can lead to several acute complications and auditory sequelae.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] acute otitis media (aom) is the most common reason parents bring children into the primary care physician's office.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] otitis media with effusion (ome) is an inflammation of the middle ear in which a collection of liquid is present in the middle-ear space while the tympanic membrane is intact.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] it includes acute otitis media (aom), otitis media with effusion (ome) and chronic suppurative otitis media (csom).

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] otitis media predominantly occurs as coincident to viral upper respiratory tract infections and/or bacterial infections.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] it prevents chronicity, early hearing impairments and reduces antibiotic resistance.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] onion (allium cepa) is an immune-boosting food rich in fructans.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] current best practice recommends amoxicillin for uncomplicated aom; continuing or switching to an alternative antibiotic based on clinical response after 48 hours of therapy; and selection of second line antibiotics as first line choices when the patient has already been on an antibiotic within the previous month or is otitis prone.

Does putting onion bags help with acute otitis media? [SEP] otitis media, including recurrent acute otitis media (aom) and otitis media with effusion (ome), is one of the most common reasons for an illness-related visit to the primary care clinician. |||

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] because the symptoms of antidepressant discontinuation include changes in mood, affect, appetite, and sleep, they are sometimes mistaken for signs of a relapse into depression.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] adverse discontinuation effects can occur with all types of antidepressant drugs, but only rarely would they be considered serious.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] adverse effects are common, occur early on in treatment and are reported to be one of the main reasons for discontinuation of antidepressant treatment.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] premature discontinuation of antidepressant drugs is a frequent clinical problem.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] however, whether due to ignorance about the chronicity of depression, intolerable adverse effects, or an inappropriate fear of dependence, antidepressants are often discontinued after remission or recovery from an acute episode, which frequently leads to relapse or recurrence.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] the results suggest that the contribution of side effects to antidepressant discontinuation is more complex than previously suggested.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] patients with major depression discontinue taking their antidepressants for many reasons.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] the authors compared illness recurrence after rapid versus gradual discontinuation of antidepressants.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] antidepressants can cause a variety of withdrawal reactions, starting within a few days to a few weeks of ceasing the drug and persisting for days to weeks.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] rapid discontinuation of some psychotropic medications is followed by discontinuation symptoms as well as an increased risk of early illness recurrence.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] serotonergic antidepressant drugs are sometimes associated with a distinct discontinuation syndrome characterized by dizziness, weakness, nausea, headache, lethargy, insomnia, anxiety, poor concentration, and paresthesias.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] following remission of an anxiety disorder or a depressive disorder, antidepressants are frequently discontinued and in the case of symptom occurrence reinstated.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] the side effects of antidepressants are important because they influence treatment process, patients' satisfaction with treatment and adherence to medications.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] understanding the particular pharmacology of different antidepressant drugs can help explain their adverse effects when they are discontinued.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] because of side effects correction of daily dosage of antidepressants is required in some cases, and sometimes therapy with particular antidepressant must be stopped.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] conclusions: our findings raise the possibility that, in the long-term, antidepressants may impair recovery and increase the risk of rehospitalisation in patients with both primarily affective and non-affective disorders.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] background: some evidence suggests that antidepressants may relate to poor outcomes in depression.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] sudden or tapered withdrawal from treatment with antidepressants, including monoamine oxidase inhibitors (maois), tricyclic antidepressants (tcas), and serotonin selective reuptake inhibitors (ssris), can produce phenomena consisting of somatic and psychological symptoms.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] antidepressants were discontinued clinically, either rapidly (over 1-7 days; n=188) or gradually (over 14 days or more; n=210), with a mean follow-up duration of 2.8 years; patients who were ill at discontinuation were excluded from the analysis.

Can serious problems occur after stopping antidepressants? [SEP] despite the efficacy of currently available antidepressant treatment, residual symptoms are common among individuals treated for major depressive disorder and are associated with an increased risk of relapse and poor psychosocial functioning. |||

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] increasingly, data suggest that urine plays a role in human health beyond waste excretion.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] additionally, the manuscript presents speculative, and hopefully testable, ideas about the functional roles of urine constituents in health and disease.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] urinary incontinence (ui) is a common problem and requires adjustment to self-care.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] nurses should be aware that patients may self-manage lower urinary tract symptoms by restricting fluid intake, putting them at risk for dehydration, constipation and urinary tract infection, but also that they may be increasing their fluid intake, which could worsen symptoms.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] to determine the prevalence of self-help (which is widely available and can assist clinicians to educate and empower patients) for several urological diseases.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] a urine-based biomarker(s) may provide a clinical value as attractive tools for clinicians to utilize in the clinical setting in particular to bladder diseases including bladder cancer and other bladder benign dysfunctions.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] historically, urine has been viewed primarily as a waste product with little biological role in the overall health of an individual.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] using a structured interview, the prevalence of self-help use and awareness was assessed in patients with prostate cancer, interstitial cystitis, erectile dysfunction and urinary diversion.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] to determine, qualitatively and quantitatively, how individuals use fluid manipulation to self-manage the urinary symptoms of daytime frequency, urgency and urine leakage and the underlying rationale for this behaviour.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] individuals with lower urinary tract symptoms may need guidance in fluid management.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] in this review, we will discuss about the urine-based biomarkers reported by many investigators including us and how these biomarkers can be applied as a diagnostic and prognostic tool in clinical trials and patient care to promote bladder health.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] patients with nonobstructive chronic urinary retention usually have to rely on intermittent self-catheterization or indwelling suprapubic or transurethral catheters, which significantly affect quality of life.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] human urine is an attractive and informative biofluid for medical diagnosis, which has been shown to reflect the (patho)-physiology of not only the urogenital system, but also others such as the cardiovascular system.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] this study pinpoints a specific area of need among patients with lower urinary tract symptoms and provides a practical opportunity for nurses to assist their patients with behavioural and fluid management by emphasising the clinical guidelines.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] although many individuals restrict fluid intake to reduce incontinent episodes, clinical hunches suggest that adequate hydration is more useful in the management of ui.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] taken together, our data demonstrate, for the first time, that ss mice display features of urinary bladder dysfunction, leading to impairment in urinary continence, which may have an important role in the pathogenesis of the enuresis and infections observed the scd patients.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] to explore the concept that urine may be a vehicle for agents with potential or occult bioactivity and to discuss existing evidence and novel research questions that may yield insight into such a role, the national institute of diabetes and digestive and kidney disease invited experts in the fields of comparative evolutionary physiology, basic science, nephrology, urology, pediatrics, metabolomics, and proteomics (among others) to a urinology think tank meeting on february 9, 2015.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] for example, urine might act as an irritant and contribute to symptoms through interaction with-and potential compromise of-the urothelium.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] urinary retention without an identifiable urological cause presents a diagnostic and therapeutic challenge.

Does self urine help with health problems? [SEP] lower urinary tract symptoms are prevalent and burdensome, and little is known about how individuals with lower urinary tract symptoms manipulate their fluid intake. |||

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] diets high in unsaturated fatty acids have been recommended to lower the risk of cardiovascular disease.

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] currently, diets higher in polyunsaturated fat are believed to lower blood cholesterol concentrations, and thus reduce atherosclerosis, greater than diets containing high amounts of saturated or possibly even monounsaturated fat.

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] diets enriched with omega-3 unsaturated fatty acids are associated with decreased hypercholesterolemia and decreased risk of ischemic and atherosclerotic diseases.

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] dietary unsaturated fatty acids appear to reduce the incidence of these events, in particular polyunsaturated fatty acids (pufas), which exert markedly different effects on risk factors related to heart disease.

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] a high dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids has been strongly linked to lower rates of cardiovascular disease in epidemiologic studies.

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] omega-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (pufas) from fish and fish oils appear to protect against coronary heart disease: their dietary intake is in fact inversely associated with cardiovascular disease morbidity/mortality in population studies.

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] epidemiological studies in the last 40 years suggest that omega-3 fatty acids derived from fish and fish oil decrease the risk of coronary heart disease, hypertension and stroke, and their complications.

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] increased consumption of n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids decreases the incidence of coronary heart disease (chd).

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] diets enriched with n-3 polyunsaturated fish oils, predominantly eicosapentaenoic acid, are associated with a lower risk of atherosclerotic vascular disease.

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] a diet rich in fish and ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (pufas) has been thought to reduce the risk for cardiovascular disease (cvd).

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] the fish diet resulted in decreased serum triglyceride and increased hdl-cholesterol concentrations (1.0 +/- 0.11 and 1.23 +/- 0.05 mmol/l, respectively) compared with the control diet (1.12 +/- 0.11 and 1.19 +/- 0.05 mmol/l, respectively) and the walnut diet (1.11 +/- 0.11 mmol/l, p < 0.05, and 1.18 +/- 0.05 mmol/l, p < 0.001, respectively).

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] the aim of the present study was to investigate whether n-3 lcpufa-enriched food products provide similar beneficial effects as fish oil with regard to incorporation into plasma lipids and effects on cardiovascular risk markers.

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] accumulating evidence demonstrates that dietary intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (pufas) is associated with reduced incidence of cardiovascular events.

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] including walnuts and fatty fish in a healthy diet lowered serum cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations, respectively, which affects chd risk favorably.

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] consumption of fish rich in n-3 highly unsaturated fas (i.e., epa and dha) has been suggested to decrease the risk of lifestyle-related diseases such as coronary heart disease, cancer, diabetes, and dementia.

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] there is some evidence that intake of sea food rich in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (pufa) may protect against coronary heart disease (chd).

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] diets rich in ω3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (ω3-pufas) such as alpha-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid are associated with decreased incidence and severity of several chronic diseases including cardiovascular disease (cvd) and cancer.

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] dietary fats play a critical role in atherogenesis and thrombosis.

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] the objective was to determine whether walnuts (plant n-3 fatty acid) and fatty fish (marine n-3 fatty acid) have similar effects on serum lipid markers at intakes recommended for primary prevention of chd.

Do unsaturated fats (from plants and fish) reduce cardiovascular disease compared to saturated fats (from meat and dairy products)? [SEP] dietary fatty acids have cholesterol lowering, antiatherogenic, and antiarrhythmic properties that decrease the risk of myocardial infarction (mi). |||

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] some vegetarians also consume eggs and dairy foods.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] a growing body of scientific evidence indicates that wholesome vegetarian diets offer distinct advantages compared to diets containing meat and other foods of animal origin.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] eggs and dairy products also provide protein for those following a lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] in western countries, vegetarian diets are associated with lower intakes of energy, saturated fatty acids and animal protein and higher intakes of fibre and phytochemicals, compared to omnivorous diets.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] in terms of nutrients, vegetarian diets are usually rich in carbohydrates, n-6 fatty acids, dietary fibre, carotenoids, folic acid, vitamin c, vitamin e and mg, and relatively low in protein, saturated fat, long-chain n-3 fatty acids, retinol, vitamin b(12) and zn; vegans may have particularly low intakes of vitamin b(12) and low intakes of ca.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] vegetarian diets do not contain meat, poultry or fish; vegan diets further exclude dairy products and eggs.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] the consumption of plant proteins rather than animal proteins by vegetarians may contribute to their reduced risk of chronic diseases such as diabetes and heart disease.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] compared with other vegetarian diets, vegan diets tend to contain less saturated fat and cholesterol and more dietary fiber.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] a vegetarian diet is associated with many health benefits because of its higher content of fiber, folic acid, vitamins c and e, potassium, magnesium, and many phytochemicals and a fat content that is more unsaturated.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] the aim of the current study was to investigate this metabolism in lacto-ovo vegetarians whose diet is less strict, allowing the ingestion of eggs and milk.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] the fat content of the vegan diet is significantly lower and the polyunsaturated:saturated fatty acid ratio higher than in the omnivore diet.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] a vegetarian diet usually provides a low intake of saturated fat and cholesterol and a high intake of dietary fiber and many health-promoting phytochemicals.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] while meat intake has been related to increased risk for a variety of chronic diseases, an abundant consumption of vegetables, fruits, cereals, nuts, and legumes all have been independently related with a lower risk for several chronic degenerative diseases, such as ischemic heart disease, diabetes, obesity, and many cancers.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] although the vegetarian lifestyle could lead to a better health status in adults, it may also bear risks for certain nutritional deficiencies.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] overall, lacto-ovo-vegetarian children consume diets closer to recommendations than omnivores and their pre-pubertal growth is at least as good.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] protein intake of vegans is lower than that in omnivores.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] non-vegetarian diets were compared to vegetarian dietary patterns (i.e., vegan and lacto-ovo-vegetarian) on selected health outcomes.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] well planned vegetarian diets effectively meet recommended dietary allowances and are a 'healthy' alternative to meat eating.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] when a vegetarian diet is appropriately planned and includes fortified foods, it can be nutritionally adequate for adults and children and can promote health and lower the risk of major chronic diseases.

Is a vegetarian diet including eggs and dairy products healthier than a diet that includes meat? [SEP] cross-sectional studies of vegetarians and vegans have shown that on average they have a relatively low bmi and a low plasma cholesterol concentration; recent studies have also shown higher plasma homocysteine concentrations than in non-vegetarians. |||

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] consumer antibacterial soaps contain triclosan or triclocarban.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] a double-blinded, randomized clinical trial of hands of primary caretakers in 238 inner city households was conducted in which effects of plain or antimicrobial (containing 0.2% triclosan) handwashing soap on bacterial counts of the hands were compared before and after a single wash and before and after handwashing following a year of product use.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] the possible association between triclosan and bacterial susceptibility to antibiotic was examined among staphylococci and several species of gram-negative bacteria (gnb) isolated from the hands of individuals in a community setting.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] hand cultures from individuals randomized to using either antibacterial cleaning and hygiene products (including a hand soap containing 0.2% triclosan) or nonantibacterial cleaning and hygiene products for a 1-year period were taken at baseline and at the end of the year.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] no scientific data have been published to suggest that the use of antibacterial agents in household products prevents infection, and triclosan resistance mechanisms have recently been identified.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] triclosan and triclocarban (tcs) are broad-spectrum antimicrobials that, until recently, were found in a wide variety of household and personal wash products.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] we examined whether household use of antibacterial cleaning and hygiene products is an emerging risk factor for carriage of antimicrobial drug-resistant bacteria on hands of household members.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] triclosan and triclocarban (tcs) are broad-spectrum microbicides found in household and personal wash products.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] antibacterial product use did not lead to a significant increase in antimicrobial drug resistance after 1 year (odds ratio 1.33, 95% confidence interval 0.74-2.41), nor did it have an effect on bacterial susceptibility to triclosan.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] still, a relationship may emerge after longer-term or higher-dose exposure of bacteria to triclosan in the community setting.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] although randomization to tc-containing wash products was not associated with decreased infectious disease reports by mothers, tcs were associated with decreased antibiotic prescriptions, suggesting a benefit against bacterial infection.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] hand washing with soap is a practice that has long been recognized as a major barrier to the spread of disease in food production, preparation, and service and in health care settings, including hospitals, child care centers, and elder care facilities.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] although there was no statistically significant association between triclosan mics and susceptibility to antibiotic, there was an increasing trend in the association the odds ratios (ors) for all species were compared at baseline (or = 0.65, 95% confidence interval [95%ci] = 0.33 to 1.27) versus at the end of the year (or = 1.08, 95%ci = 0.62 to 1.97) and for gnb alone at baseline(or = 0.66, 95%ci = 0.29 to 1.51) versus the end of year (or = 2.69, 95%ci = 0.78 to 9.23) regardless of the hand-washing product used.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] additionally, both agents have a risk of bacterial resistance, which is higher for chlorhexidine than triclosan.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] handwashing with soap reduces the transmission of diarrheal pathogens, but access to hand-washing facilities, water, and soap in humanitarian emergencies is limited.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] handwashing with soap reduces diarrhea risk, but drying hands on contaminated towels can compromise the benefits of handwashing.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] handwashing with regular soap and water is often considered sufficient, but what of hygienic handwash and handrub antiseptic products?

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] effects of use of either soap, synthetic detergent, or triethanolamine (tea)-soap/ glycerin were compared at two water temperatures.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] tcs from wash products, primarily liquid and bar soaps, did not affect thyroid function measures during pregnancy or babies' anthropometric measures at delivery.

Can washing hands with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing triclosan or triclocarban prevent the risk of contracting diseases in the household? [SEP] however it is not conclusive that handwashing with soap is more effective at reducing contamination with bacteria associated with diarrhoea than using water only. |||

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] although it is recognized that antibacterial lotions are not a substitute for thorough hand washing and good hygienic practices, this work shows that antibacterial lotions can complement washing by providing consumers with a demonstrable reduction in bacterial levels on their skin.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] the purpose of this review was to understand whether adding antimicrobial agents to hand hygiene products could increase the health benefits of handwashing with plain soap (hwws) in low-income settings.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] however it is not conclusive that handwashing with soap is more effective at reducing contamination with bacteria associated with diarrhoea than using water only.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] relevance of hand scrub with antiseptic liquid soap (e.g.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] handwashing with non-antibacterial soap and water is more effective for the removal of bacteria of potential faecal origin from hands than handwashing with water alone and should therefore be more useful for the prevention of transmission of diarrhoeal diseases.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] hand washing with non-antiseptic soap and water and all of the four used alcohol-based hand-rubs showed significant reduction of bacterial counts on the examined hands.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] antiseptic hand washing and the use of nonsterile gloves over unwashed hands confer similar reductions in the number of microorganisms.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] handwashing with soap reduces diarrhea risk, but drying hands on contaminated towels can compromise the benefits of handwashing.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] handwashing with plain soap and water reduced the presence of bacteria to 8% (comparison of both handwashing arms: p < 0.001).

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] the objective of this study was to compare the effectiveness of washing with either soap and water or disposable wet wipes in reducing microorganisms in the groin and perineum of hospitalized patients, which could potentially reduce the risk of hospital-acquired urinary tract infections.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] an analysis of the effectiveness of antimicrobial soap in laboratory settings suggested that it was only more effective than hwws when handwashing frequency, duration, and product concentrations were above levels that could be expected in low-income settings.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate the effect of a hand lotion on the effectiveness of hygienic hand antisepsis using an alcohol-based handrub.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] to compare the efficacy of alcohol-based hand rubs versus traditional hand washing with soap and water in reducing hand contamination during routine patient care.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] a review of experimental studies comparing the effects of hwws with antimicrobial soap and waterless hand sanitizer on health and hand contamination in naturalistic conditions was conducted.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] to determine whether a rigorous antiseptic hand washing of bare hands with 4% chlorhexidine and alcohol reduced fingertip microbial colonization as compared with the use of boxed, clean, nonsterile latex gloves.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] we evaluated whether hand wiping is noninferior to hand rubbing in reducing the bacterial concentration on hands.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] the ability of the various stages of handwashing to decrease skin-surface microbial counts has been documented.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] during hand washing, hand soaps not only remove soils, but also the natural oils that protect the skin.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] in these trials, use of antimicrobial hand towels did not prevent e. coli contamination of mothers' hands in kenyan households during random testing and offered no advantages over standard handwashing and drying practices.

Can hand washing with antibacterial soaps or wash lotions containing other disinfectants reduce the risk of infection compared to regular soap??? [SEP] one of the most important steps people can take in reducing the spread of bacteria and viruses is washing the hands with soap and water. |||

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] homeopathic remedies produce different symptoms than placebo.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] in this study a promising trend was observed that symptoms reported by some homeopaths may not be completely attributable to placebo.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] recent meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials in homeopathy have suggested that homeopathy is more than a placebo response.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] through its relation with biomedicine, its doctrine, consultation design, and treatment rituals, homeopathy offers a powerful medium to elicit a placebo response in a therapeutic alliance.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] we aimed to assess whether the clinical effect reported in randomised controlled trials of homeopathic remedies is equivalent to that reported for placebo.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] we bracket the issue of biochemical effectiveness of homeopathic remedies as we only discuss homeopathy's potential to elicit a placebo response within its therapeutic alliance, in virtue of its social, symbolic, and material features.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] an international multicenter, prospective, observational study in a real world medical setting comparing the effectiveness of homeopathy with conventional medicine.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] conventional scientific wisdom dictates that homeopathy should have no effect above and beyond placebo but experiments on ultra-high dilutions of solutes together with some clinical data suggest the intriguing possibility that it might do in some circumstances.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] despite, a long debate is continuing whether homeopathy is just a placebo or more than it, homeopathy has been considered to be safe and cost-effectiveness therapeutic modality.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] if true, this would support an effect of homeopathic medicines different from that of placebo.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] homeopathy showed greater efficacy in mdd compared with fluoxetine, and in premenstrual syndrome/dysphoric disorder compared with placebo, whereas no difference emerged between homeopathy and placebo in mdd and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] the review is based on literature discussing homeopathic effectiveness, including historical, biographical, sociological, and epistemological perspectives.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] homeopathy seems scientifically implausible, but has widespread use.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] the complex of homeopathy tested in this study was not superior to placebo in reducing 24 h morphine consumption after knee ligament reconstruction.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] homeopathy appeared to be at least as effective as conventional medical care in the treatment of patients with the three conditions studied.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] to test whether homeopathic preparations produce different symptoms than placebo in healthy volunteers.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] from this phenomenon, it is possible to deduce a hypothesis: homeopaths should be able to distinguish a homeopathic medicine from a placebo by taking both and observing their effects.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] comparison of the effectiveness of homeopathy in primary care with conventional medicine in primary care for three commonly encountered clinical conditions.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] we discuss homeopathy's placebo effect as the result of a distributed therapeutic agency involving humans, objects, and texts.

Does homeopathy work better than a placebo? [SEP] research in homeopathy has traditionally addressed itself to defining the effectiveness of homeopathic potencies in comparison to placebo medication. |||

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] data from recent studies indicate that xylitol can reduce the occurrence of dental caries in young children, schoolchildren, and mothers, and in children via their mothers.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] xylitol, a polyol sugar, has been shown to reduce dental caries when mixed with food or chewing gum.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] xylitol, an over-the-counter sweetener, has shown some potential as a caries preventive agent, but the evidence for its effectiveness is not yet conclusive and is based largely on studies in child populations.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] an overview of studies about xylitol and dental caries suggests potential clinical dental applications for xylitol.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] xylitol is a safe dental caries preventive when incorporated into chewing gum or confections used habitually.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] xylitol is known to reduce caries by inhibiting the growth of streptococcus mutans.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] during the 5 years after habitual gum-chewing ended, xylitol gums reduced the caries risk 59% (rr, 0.41; 95% c.i., 0.23 to 0.75; p < 0.0034).

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] xylitol-sorbitol gums reduced the caries risk 44% (rr, 0.56; 95% c.i., 0.36 to 0.89; p < 0.02).

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] many mechanisms have been proposed to explain the caries preventive effect of xylitol as a total or partial dietary sugar substitute.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] xylitol is a well-known anticaries agent and has been used for the prevention and treatment of dental caries.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] xylitol has been widely documented to have dental health benefits, such as reducing the risk for dental caries.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] habitual xylitol gum-chewing may have a long-term preventive effect by reducing the caries risk for several years after the habitual chewing has ended.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] an effective xylitol-based caries prevention intervention would represent an easily disseminated method to extend caries prevention to individuals not receiving caries preventive treatment in the dental office.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] one new completed trial confirmed that children of mothers who used xylitol lozenges after delivery had less dental caries than a comparison group.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] the goal of this paper is to identify and assess the work on xylitol and other polyols and dental caries since 2008.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] aside from decreasing dental caries, xylitol may also decrease the transmission of s. mutans from mothers to children.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] xylitol has been shown to reduce plaque acids, but its topical cariostatic effect has been equivocal.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] the results suggest that in relatively low-caries conditions the school-based use of xylitol/maltitol or erythritol/maltitol lozenges would not have additional caries-preventive effect when compared with comprehensive prevention.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] the newly discovered synergistic antivital effect of xylitol combined with chlorhexidine may contribute to the favorable potential of xylitol use for the improvement of new formulations of caries-preventive mouthrinses.

Does toothpaste containing xylitol reduce the risk of caries? [SEP] the long-term caries risk reduction associated with xylitol strongly depended on when teeth erupted (p < 0.02). |||

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] chewing gum containing xylitol may help prevent caries by reducing levels of mutans streptococci (ms) and lactobacilli in saliva and plaque.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] during the 5 years after habitual gum-chewing ended, xylitol gums reduced the caries risk 59% (rr, 0.41; 95% c.i., 0.23 to 0.75; p < 0.0034).

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] data from recent studies indicate that xylitol can reduce the occurrence of dental caries in young children, schoolchildren, and mothers, and in children via their mothers.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] xylitol, an over-the-counter sweetener, has shown some potential as a caries preventive agent, but the evidence for its effectiveness is not yet conclusive and is based largely on studies in child populations.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] xylitol-containing chewing gums can be used as an adjunct to regular home care preventive procedures to prevent dental caries.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] the use of chewing gum containing dental-protective substances, particularly xylitol, in caries-prevention programs can reduce the tooth decay epidemic.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] xylitol is a safe dental caries preventive when incorporated into chewing gum or confections used habitually.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] xylitol-sorbitol gums reduced the caries risk 44% (rr, 0.56; 95% c.i., 0.36 to 0.89; p < 0.02).

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] many mechanisms have been proposed to explain the caries preventive effect of xylitol as a total or partial dietary sugar substitute.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] an overview of studies about xylitol and dental caries suggests potential clinical dental applications for xylitol.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] the authors provide an overview of chewing gum as a delivery vehicle for dental-protective agents, highlighting xylitol and its potential application in caries-prevention programs for children.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] habitual xylitol gum-chewing may have a long-term preventive effect by reducing the caries risk for several years after the habitual chewing has ended.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] essentially all clinical studies concerning the effect of xylitol on caries development consent to its non-cariogenicity and to the beneficial effect of substituting sucrose with xylitol in chewing gums and sweets.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] sufficient evidence exists to support the use of xylitol to reduce caries.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] one new completed trial confirmed that children of mothers who used xylitol lozenges after delivery had less dental caries than a comparison group.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] xylitol has been widely documented to have dental health benefits, such as reducing the risk for dental caries.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] among the preventive and therapeutic options available for dental caries, sugar alcohols (xylitol and sorbitol) have been widely promoted as oral healthcare products due to its perceived anticariogenic effect.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] furthermore, studies indicate that xylitol can decrease mutans streptococci levels in plaque and saliva and can reduce dental caries in young children, mothers, and in children via their mothers.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] the authors reviewed selected clinical investigations and previous reviews associated with chewing gum containing substances such as calcium, bicarbonate, carbamide, chlorhexidine, fluoride and xylitol and their effects on reducing caries.

Do other xylitol-containing products (e.g. chewing gums, sweets, mouth rinses) reduce the risk of caries in addition to normal dental care? [SEP] an effective xylitol-based caries prevention intervention would represent an easily disseminated method to extend caries prevention to individuals not receiving caries preventive treatment in the dental office. |||

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] from a hygiene viewpoint, paper towels are superior to electric air dryers.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] however, most studies suggest that paper towels can dry hands efficiently, remove bacteria effectively, and cause less contamination of the washroom environment.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] our study demonstrated that the use of jet air dryers is the best method to eliminate bacteria on hands, whereas drying hands on one's own clothes is the least effective.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] paper towels are generally accepted as the most hygienic means of drying hands and are often distributed from generic dispensers.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] handwashing with soap reduces diarrhea risk, but drying hands on contaminated towels can compromise the benefits of handwashing.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] this article systematically reviews the research on the hygienic efficacy of different hand-drying methods.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] for fingertips, the log reduction was often greater with paper towels than with warm air.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] we compared the efficiency of paper, cloth, and electric warm air drying in eliminating rotaviruses and escherichia coli remaining on finger pads washed with 70% isopropanol, a medicated liquid soap, an unmedicated liquid soap, or tap water alone.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] these dryers offer quick and clean hand drying, and are seen as being an environment-friendly alternative to paper towels.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] to perform a multi-centre, internal-crossover study comparing bacterial contamination levels in washrooms with hand-drying by either paper towels (pt) or jet air dryer (jad; dyson).

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] irrespective of the hand-washing agent used, electric air drying produced the highest and cloth drying the lowest reduction in the numbers of both test organisms.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] no significant difference in bacteria reduction was detected between the use of one or two paper towels for hand drying; therefore, using fewer resources is recommended to maintain environmental sustainability.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] synopsis by means of a controlled hand-cleansing trial on normal volunteers with no observable skin problems, we have compared the action of a high frequency of washing the hands with soap and water with the use of alcohol-impregnated paper towels, using visual assessment of hand dryness by a trained operator as the criterion of skin condition.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] for palms and fingers, log reductions were greater with warm air drying while holding hands stationary, paper towels, and warm air drying while rubbing hands.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] in crossover trial 2, we compared e. coli contamination of maternal hands immediately following three different handwashing/drying procedures: soap and water + treated towel, water only + treated towel, and soap and water + air dry.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] in this study, a method to identify potential exposure routes for hand contamination and evaluate the efficiency of paper-towel dispensing is described and applied to 5 different folded paper towels using a generic wall-mounted dispenser.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] drying hands in a stationary position could remove more bacteria than rubbing hands when using a warm air dryer for 20 s, which mimics people's usual hand-drying practice.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] to evaluate warm air and paper towel drying for removing bacteria from washed hands.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] effective dispensing of towels is of importance economically and may influence infection control objectives if hands become contaminated during hand drying.

Are paper towels or electric dryers more hygienic after washing hands? [SEP] paper towels should be recommended in locations where hygiene is paramount, such as hospitals and clinics. |||

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] there is a 3-fold increased risk of developing overt hypothyroidism with dietary supplementation of 16 mg soy phytoestrogens with subclinical hypothyroidism.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] if true, soy phytoestrogens may be expected to have a greater impact in subjects with subclinical hypothyroidism.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] objective: soy phytoestrogens are suggested to impair thyroid function but the effects of pharmacological doses of soy phytoestrogens are unknown; therefore, this study was performed to determine the effect of high dose soy phytoestrogens (66 mg) on thyroid function in subclinical hypothyroidism.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] conclusion: a pharmacological dose of 66 mg of soy phytoestrogens did not increase the overt thyroid failure rate or alter thyroid function tests in patients with subclinical hypothyroidism.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] there is concern whether soy phytoestrogens may affect thyroid function.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] soy consumption is associated with thyroid disorders such as hypothyroidism, goiter, and autoimmune thyroid disease (atd) as well as increased iodine requirement in certain cases.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] consumers may choose soya foods as healthful alternatives to animal products, but concern has arisen that eating large amounts of soya may adversely affect thyroid function.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] the effect of isoflavone-free soy on thyroid function was determined in patients with subclinical hypothyroidism, with a secondary aim of assessing its effect on cardiovascular risk indices.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] the aim of this systematic review was to investigate the link between soy or soy product consumption and thyroid function via the measurement of thyroid hormone levels.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] nevertheless, there are some concerns that soy can have a negative effect on thyroid function and can alter the levels of thyroid hormones.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] the primary aim was to determine the effect of soy phytoestrogen supplementation on thyroid function, with a secondary aim of assessing the effects on cardiovascular risk indices in patients with subclinical hypothyroidism.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] soy supplementation has no effect on the thyroid hormones and only very modestly raises tsh levels, the clinical significance, if any, of the rise in tsh is unclear.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] soy protein with isoflavones appears to have an adverse effect on thyroid function, but it is not known whether it is the protein or isoflavone component that is deleterious.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] the present study aimed to examine the association between soya food consumption and serum thyroid-stimulating hormone (tsh) concentrations in north american churchgoers belonging to the seventh-day adventist denomination that encourages vegetarianism.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] background: the health benefits of soy are widely reported but there are queries on the effect of soy isoflavones on thyroid function and the underlying mechanism of action.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] whereas some investigators have reported that soy is hypocholesterolemic, others could only demonstrate this in hypercholesterolemic subjects, while a few have not found any marked association between soy and cholesterol levels.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] in women high consumption of soya was associated with elevated tsh concentrations.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] likewise, women with high consumption of soya protein (midpoint of highest quintile, 11 g/d) v. low consumption (midpoint of lowest quintile, 0 g/d) carried increased odds of high tsh (or=2·69; 95 % ci 1·34, 5·30).

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] soy-derived food supplements are advised for hormone replacement therapy, prevention of atherosclerosis, age-related cognitive decline and even hormone-dependent cancer, although results from clinical studies are controversial.

Are soy foods risky for people with unremarkable, or subclinical, hypothyroidism? [SEP] participants: forty four patients with subclinical hypothyroidism. |||

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] recent reports have demonstrated the involvement of vitamin b3 in a number of pivotal functions which ensure that homeostasis is maintained.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] vitamin b3, or niacin, is one of the most important compounds of the b-vitamin complex.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] during the last decades, many basic and clinical research have pointed to the role of b vitamins (folate, vitamins b6 and b12) and n-3 fatty acids as nutritional factors that might have a protective effect on the development of cardiovascular diseases (cvd).

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] the b-vitamins, including vitamins b12, b6, b1, b2, niacin (b3) and folate (b9), have been implicated as protective risk factors against cognitive decline and alzheimer's disease.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] whether higher b vitamin intake (ie, b-6, b-12, and folate) is protective against cognitive decline in later life remains uncertain.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] higher intake of vitamin b12 shows positive association with the low-risk diet and lifestyle.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] although vitamin b-12 (b-12) is known to contribute to the structural and functional development of the brain, it is unclear if b-12 supplementation has any beneficial effect in healthy populations in terms of enhanced neurologic status of the brain or improved cognitive function.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] several prospective, observational studies find higher b vitamin intake to be associated with lower risk of dementia; other studies, including most trials of b vitamin supplementation, have observed no effect on cognition.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] we investigated whether vitamin b-12 supplementation benefits neurologic and cognitive function in moderately vitamin b-12-deficient older people.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] b vitamin supplementation might not be effective in preventing fracture and improving bone turnover.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] however, there is little robust evidence on the effect of vitamin b-12 supplementation on neurologic and cognitive outcomes in later life.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] the authors summarized dose-response evidence from randomized controlled trials and prospective cohort studies on the relation of vitamin b12 intake and status with cognitive function in adults and elderly people.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] results of the trial do not support the hypothesis that the correction of moderate vitamin b-12 deficiency, in the absence of anemia and of neurologic and cognitive signs or symptoms, has beneficial effects on neurologic or cognitive function in later life.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] the su.fol.om3 (supplementation with folate, vitamin b6 and b12 and/or omega-3 fatty acids) trial is a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled, secondary-prevention trial designed to test the efficacy of 5-methyl tetra-hydro-folates (5-mthf) supplementation, in combination with vitamin b6 and b12 and/or n-3 fatty acids, at nutritional doses, on fatal and non fatal ischemic cvd in a 2 x 2 factorial design.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] this meta-analysis aimed to assess the impact of b vitamin supplementation on occurrence of any osteoporotic fracture and bone turnover by pooling the results of previous studies.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] this systematic review evaluates whether the relation between vitamin b12 intake and cognitive function should be considered for underpinning vitamin b12 recommendations in the future.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] the participation of b vitamins in bone health has been recognized for decades.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] oral supplementation with vitamin b-12 alone or in combination with folic acid for 24 wk does not improve cognitive function.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] in addition, the intriguing nature of its synthesis and the underlying mechanism of action of vitamin b3 have encouraged further studies aimed at deepening our understanding of the close link between the exogenous supply of b3 and how it activates dependent enzymes.

Does taking vitamin B3 prolong life? [SEP] random-effects meta-analysis showed that serum/plasma vitamin b12 (50 pmol/l) was not associated with risk of dementia (4 cohort studies), global cognition z scores (4 cohort studies), or memory z scores (4 cohort studies). |||

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] clinical trials have shown that ribose supplementation improves ischemic threshold and enhances diastolic function in congestive heart failure.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] ribose improves the function of the rat heart in various pathological conditions through its effects on cardiac energy metabolism, while having no direct haemodynamic actions.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] ribose has been used successfully in the treatment of ischemic heart disease and muscular enzyme deficiencies, and its administration also facilitates the diagnosis of coronary artery disease by influencing thallium-201 scintigraphy.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] we therefore tested whether ribose would be beneficial in chronic heart failure in control mice and in mice with elevated myocardial creatine due to overexpression of the creatine transporter (crt-oe).

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] ribose, a pentose monosaccharide, has shown to replenish low myocardial energy levels, improving cardiac dysfunction following ischemia, and improving ventilation efficiency in patients with heart failure.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] ribose improved the ventilatory exercise status in advanced heart failure patients.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] this feasibility study in patients with coronary artery disease in chf revealed the beneficial effects of d-ribose by improving diastolic functional parameters and enhancing quality of life.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] ribose can aid the recovery of atp levels and, hence, diastolic function.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] d-ribose has been shown in animal models to improve cardiac energy metabolism and function following ischaemia.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] in normal hearts, ribose pretreatment significantly elevated the heart's energy stores (glycogen), and delayed the onset of irreversible ischemic injury by 25%.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] ribose administration for 24 h at 200 mg.kg-1.h-1 did not affect heart function but increased the available pool of 5-phosphoribosyl-1-pyrophosphate in heart (four fold) and skeletal muscle (1.7-fold), as assessed by the incorporation of 14c-adenine into the adenine nucleotides.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] thus, administration of ribose in advance of global myocardial ischemia does provide metabolic benefit in normal hearts.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] however, in hypertrophied hearts, ribose did not affect ischemic tolerance but improved ventricular function.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] in shr, ribose pretreatment did not produce significant elevations in the heart's energy or improvements in tolerance to global ischemia, but significantly improved ventricular function (maximal rate of pressure rise (+dp/dt(max)), 25%; normalized contractility ((+dp/dt)/p), 13%) despite no change in hemodynamics.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] this was a prospective, double blind, randomized, crossover design study, to assess the effect of oral d-ribose supplementation on cardiac hemodynamics and quality of life in 15 patients with chronic coronary artery disease and chf.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] these results suggest that riboflavin treatment ameliorates myocardial function and improves heart oxidant status, whereas raising myocardial ho-1 and decreasing myocardial ctgf levels have beneficial effects on diabetic cardiomyopathy.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] as current pharmaceuticals do not address cellular energy levels, this study was designed to investigate the role of ribose on ventilation at anaerobic threshold in congestive heart failure patients.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] riboflavin treatment significantly improved left ventricular systolic and diastolic function in diabetic rats, there were persistent increases in significant activation of sod and the level of ho-1 protein, and a decrease in the level of ctgf.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] the objective of this study was to investigate the cardioprotective effect of riboflavin in diabetic rats.

Can taking Ribose help with heart conditions such as heart failure, narrowing of the coronary arteries (coronary artery disease), or heart attack? [SEP] this study determined, firstly, whether the pentose sugar ribose, previously shown to improve postischemic recovery of energy stores and function, protects against ischemia when administered as a pretreatment. |||

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] studies have shown that several vitamins and nutritional supplements may contribute to a reduction in total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] this goal of this study was to document the use of vitamins and nutritional supplements that may treat or prevent hypercholesterolemia.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] of those individuals with a known diagnosis of hypercholesterolemia, 3.6% were taking at least one vitamin or nutritional supplement to decrease cholesterol levels.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] those trying to prevent hypercholesterolemia had an adjusted odds ratio of 0.69 (95% confidence interval, 0.48-1.00) for vitamin use compared with those without or trying to prevent high cholesterol.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] administration of each vegetable-containing diet was associated with lower total cholesterol concentrations compared with the control.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] cholesterol-lowering nutraceuticals are useful in the management of moderate hypercholesterolemia.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] hypolipidemic nutraceuticals and functional foods help improve serum lipid profiles as reducing total cholesterol, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, while elevating high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] for individuals trying to prevent hypercholesterolemia, 1.2% were using one of these vitamin or nutritional supplements.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] we used multivariate analysis to control for several factors, and individuals with a diagnosis of hypercholesterolemia had an adjusted odds ratio of 2.10 (95% confidence interval, 1.38-3.21) for vitamin use compared with those without or trying to prevent high cholesterol.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] soluble fibres and legume proteins are known to be a safe and practical approach for cholesterol reduction.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] the use of vitamins and nutritional supplements that may reduce total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels is low in the united states.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] it has been established in rcts that high dose of phytosterols can significantly reduce blood cholesterol.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] many functional foods and dietary supplements have been reported to be beneficial for the management of dyslipidaemia, one of the major risk factors for cvd.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] dietary supplementation with b-vitamins that lower plasma total homocysteine concentrations are expected to lower the risk of cardiovascular disease.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] dietary phytosterols have been reported to lower total and low-density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] certain dietary practices are valid methods of lowering the risk of disease.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] modulation of cholesterol absorption is potentially an effective way of lowering blood cholesterol levels and decreasing inherent cardiovascular risk in the general population.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] clinical studies have shown that lowering elevated serum cholesterol levels, particularly low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c), is beneficial for patients with borderline to mildly elevated serum total cholesterol (tc) levels (5.0-6.0 mmol/l).

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] although omega-3 fatty acids supplementation is not effective in secondary prevention, high dose eicosapentaenoic ethyl ester can lead to a remarkable fall in first and recurrent events in high risk patients with hypertriglyceridaemia/low hdl-c. gemcabene, a dicarboxylic acid regulating apolipoprotein b-100, is effective in reducing both cholesterol and triglycerides.

Are vitamins and minerals effective and safe in lowering cholesterol? [SEP] the improvements of ldl, hdl, total cholesterol, apolipoprotein b concentrations, and ldl/hdl cholesterol ratio during the daily consumption of a phytosterol ester-enriched margarine were most marked in those subjects with a high dietary intake of cholesterol, energy, total fat, and saturated fatty acids and with high baseline cholesterol absorption. |||

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] otherwise healthy and well-nourished patients with rheumatoid arthritis show significant clinical improvement from practising prolonged fasting for 7 to 10 days.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] total fasting induces within a few days a substantial reduction of joint pain, swelling, morning stiffness, and other arthritic symptoms in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] cyclic adenosine-3', 5'-monophosphate (camp) may influence important mechanisms in the inflammatory process, and fasting has been claimed to be clinically beneficial in rheumatoid arthritis (ra).

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] clinical experience suggests that fasting followed by vegetarian diet may help patients with rheumatoid arthritis (ra).

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] therapeutic fasting improves joint pain in patients with osteoarthritis (oa), but the underlying mechanisms are unknown.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] fasting regimens can promote health, mitigate chronic immunological disorders, and improve age-related pathophysiological parameters in animals and humans.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] previous studies have shown that fasting produces a potential effect in the prevention and treatment of many diseases.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] thirty-one reports of fasting studies in patients with ra were found.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] intermittent fasting can be effective in reducing metabolic disorders and age-related diseases.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] both traditional and modern healthcare systems recommend fasting as a therapeutic intervention for the management of several chronic, non-infectious diseases.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] fasting is increasingly practiced to improve health and general well-being, as well as for its cytoprotective effects.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] thus, available evidence suggests that fasting followed by vegetarian diets might be useful in the treatment of ra.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] several ongoing clinical trials are using fasting as a potential therapy for various conditions.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] the scores for pain, womac, and the physical subscale of the sf-36 significantly improved during fasting.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] we observed that fasting decreased lipid peroxidation (tbars) and increased total antioxidant capacity (tac) in plasma, concomitant with a uric acid elevation, known to be associated with fasting and did not cause gout attacks.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] animal studies show that fasting may increase longevity and alter biological parameters related to longevity.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] fasting resulted in a significant reduction in body weight, improved well-being and had a beneficial modulating effect on blood lipids and glucose regulation.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] although of little therapeutic value, the anti-inflammatory effect of short-term fasting is of significant interest and better understanding of the mechanisms is desirable.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] this review evaluates current literature regarding the potential cardiovascular benefits of intermittent fasting and proposes directions for future research.

Is fasting effective and safe in the long term for arthritis and other diseases? [SEP] routine, periodic fasting is associated with a lower prevalence of coronary artery disease (cad). |||

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] smoothies represent an excellent and convenient alternative to promote the daily consumption of fruit and vegetables in order to obtain their health-promoting benefits.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] the study objective was to determine if ingestion of greens+ 1. increases vitality, energy, and perception of well-being; 2. increases overall mental health and general health, and 3. decreases the incidence of colds and flus in an otherwise healthy female population.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] accordingly, a green fresh vegetables smoothie (77.2% cucumber, 12% broccoli and 6% spinach) rich in health-promoting compounds was developed.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] previous research suggests that green environments positively influence health.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] hence, green products offer potential benefits to the environment and human health.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] these studies have consistently found positive associations between the quantity of green and health.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] greens+ is a popular natural health product marketed as energy-enhancing; however, no objective data substantiate this claim.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] overall, our findings were positive but not conclusive that greens+ increases vitality and energy.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] greenness may influence health by promoting physical activity and social contact; decreasing stress; and mitigating air pollution, noise, and heat exposure.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] recent research suggests that urban greenness has important beneficial effects on health.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] these results provide justification for further study of the effects of greens+.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] exposure to natural vegetation, or greenness, might affect health through several pathways, including increased physical activity and social engagement, improved mental health, and reductions in exposure to air pollution, extreme temperatures, and noise.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] research suggests greenness is protective against adverse mental health outcomes, cardiovascular disease, and mortality, though most studies were limited by cross-sectional or ecological design.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] there is mounting international evidence that exposure to green environments is associated with health benefits, including lower mortality rates.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] the smoothie presented a viscoelastic behaviour.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] several studies have shown a positive relationship between local greenspace availability and residents' health, which may offer opportunities for health improvement.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] researchers are increasingly exploring how neighborhood greenness, or vegetation, may affect health behaviors and outcomes.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] our findings have important public health implications as they suggest that access to urban green environments contributes to increased participation in leisure-time physical activity which has demonstrable health benefits.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] conclusively, a short time-high temperature mild thermal treatment (t2) showed better quality and bioactive compounds retention in a green fresh vegetable smoothie during low temperature storage.

Do green smoothies promote health? [SEP] as a result, we found that with higher greenness, poor self-rated health decreased (adjusted or 0.90, 95% ci 0.82-0.98; per 0.1 increase in ndvi), while neighborhood satisfaction (1.41, 1.23-1.61) and neighborhood social capital (1.22, 1.12-1.32) increased. |||

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] chocolate appears to increase positive mood, but particularly when it is eaten mindfully.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] the effect of food substances on emotional states has been widely investigated, showing, for example, that eating chocolate is able to reduce negative mood.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] the effect of chocolate on mood too has long been recognised.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] the present studies demonstrate that eating a small amount of sweet food improves an experimentally induced negative mood state immediately and selectively and that this effect of chocolate is due to palatability.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] eating chocolate reduced negative mood compared to drinking water, whereas no or only marginal effects were found on neutral and positive moods.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] in both experiments, chocolate-induced mood improvement was associated with emotional eating.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] we review chocolate's properties and the principal hypotheses addressing its claimed mood altering propensities.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] participants who were instructed to mindfully eat chocolate had a greater increase in positive mood compared to participants who were instructed to eat chocolate non-mindfully or crackers either mindfully or non-mindfully.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] to test the hypothesis that some foods are eaten to alter mood, the relationship between mood and intake of chocolate was investigated in 40 women.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] experiment 2 (113 normal-weight and healthy women and men) compared effects of eating palatable and unpalatable chocolate on negative mood, and examined the duration of chocolate-induced mood change.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] the relationship between chocolate and mood are highly complex, combining psychopharmacological components, nutritional and sensory characteristics of the food.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] chocolate is thought to have interactions with neurotransmitters which contribute to mood modulation and appetite regulation.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] as more is known about the influence of chocolate on mood, the reasons for these effects appear increasingly complex and inter-related.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] the association between chocolate consumption and emotions warrants further multi-prong investigations to substantiate chocolate's mood alterating propensity.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] negative mood was improved after eating palatable chocolate as compared to unpalatable chocolate or nothing.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] chocolate can provide its own hedonistic reward by satisfying cravings but, when consumed as a comfort eating or emotional eating strategy, is more likely to be associated with prolongation rather than cessation of a dysphoric mood.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] in this work two hypotheses were tested: (1) that eating a piece of chocolate immediately affects negative, but not positive or neutral mood, and (2) that this effect is due to palatability.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] popular claims confer on chocolate the properties of being a stimulant, relaxant, euphoriant, aphrodisiac, tonic and antidepressant.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] experiment 1 (48 normal-weight and healthy women and men) examined the effects of eating a piece of chocolate and drinking water on negative, positive and neutral mood states induced by film clips.

Does chocolate have a mood-lifting effect? [SEP] chocolate consumption is anecdotally associated with an increase in happiness, but little experimental work has examined this effect. |||

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] plants possess a regeneration capacity that enables them to survive after wounding.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] sprouting was apparent by 5-7 days and reached maximal values by 14-21 days, but had decreased to control levels by 42-49 days after injury.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] moreover, nanostructure of plant extracts and their phytochemicals can enhance their bioavailability, control their release in the form of sustained delivery systems to the wound site, and enhance the permeability of these therapeutics to the underlying skin layers, which are all necessary for the healing process.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] our findings thus provide insights into the development and regeneration of plant shoot stems.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] different pharmacological targets are involved in the wound healing effects of herbal-based nanostructures, including suppressing the production of inflammatory cytokines and inflammatory transduction cascades, reducing oxidative factors and enhancing antioxidative enzymes, and promoting neovascularization and angiogenic pathways through increasing the expression of vascular endothelial growth factor, fibroblast growth factor, and platelet-derived growth factor.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] regeneration is a common strategy for plants to repair damage to their tissue after attacks from other organisms or physical assaults.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] here, we present a review of the efficacy of the plant based-nanomaterials in the management of wounds and discuss the involved therapeutic targets.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] adventitious buds or protocorm-like bodies were regenerated directly from excised explants without intervening callus.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] somatic plant cells can regenerate shoots and/or roots or adventitious embryonic calluses, which may induce organ formation under certain conditions.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] wounding triggers organ regeneration in many plant species, and application of plant hormones, such as auxin and cytokinin, enhances their regenerative capacities in tissue culture.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] neurons whose axons had been crushed and allowed to regenerate exhibited sprouts that arose mainly from the axon hillock and initial segment of the axon.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] this study provides evidence that the mechanism of injury does influence wound healing and the resultant scarring.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] these plants can resprout from aerial buds and by recruiting belowground bud bank using carbohydrates allocated in roots as resource.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] phytohormones play important roles in vascular tissue regeneration.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] wound healing is a natural process to restore the structure and function of injured or diseased tissues.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] wound healing is a multifaceted process.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] overall, various plant extracts and their natural compounds, used in nanoformulations, have demonstrated high activity in the management of wounds and thus can be assumed as future pharmaceutical drugs.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] differences in the ability of regeneration were observed among different plant organs with bulbils showing the highest regenerative ability followed by leaf blade and petiole.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] however, it is still unclear if these in vitro plant-based scaffolds can modify cell phenotype or affect cellular response to external stimuli.

Do sprouts or buds have a healing effect? [SEP] concentration of ms salts, naa and sucrose influenced not only root formation from the differentiated adventitious buds, but also root number and length. |||

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] abdominal fat is particularly harmful and is associated with cardiovascular and metabolic diseases and cancer.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] although overall obesity does confer a significant threat to the health of individuals, the distribution of body fat, especially abdominal/central obesity is of greater importance.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] abdominal obesity, also known as central obesity, refers to the presence of excess fat in the abdominal area.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] human adiposity has long been associated with insulin resistance and increased cardiovascular risk, and abdominal adiposity is considered particularly adverse.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] abdominal overfat is the most unhealthful form of this condition, so it is concerning that average waist circumference measures, generally indicative of abdominal overfat, have increased.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] obesity, especially abdominal obesity, contributes to many metabolic disorders including metabolic syndrome (mets), type 2 diabetes (t2dm) and cardiovascular diseases (cvd).

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] recent reports have shown that a high ratio of waist to hip circumference (whr) may be associated with a high proportion of intra-abdominal fat.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] a risk factor for incisional hernia, related to body composition, is obesity.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] abdominal and, in particular, visceral adiposity is strongly linked to insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, sleep apnea, and other complications of obesity.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] the abdominal visceral fat depot is considered to be the most atherogenic, diabetogenic and hypertensiogenic fat depot of the human body.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] given the critical role of abdominal visceral fat in the metabolic complications of obesity, it will now be important to identify the gene responsible for the high levels of abdominal visceral fat observed in some adults and to investigate whether this gene is the same as that which influences total body fat content.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] the prevalence of overfat populations in 30 of the world's most developed countries is substantially higher than recent global estimations, with the largest growth due to a relatively recent increased number of people with excess abdominal fat.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] the problem exists in most overweight and obese individuals and can also occur in those who are normal-weight and non-obese, often due to excess abdominal fat.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] however, some studies suggest that deep sc abdominal fat may have adverse properties.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] obesity, defined as excess fat mass, increases risks for multiple chronic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and several types of cancer.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] pathological accumulation of body fat can cause many health problems: insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance, and diabetes mellitus type 2.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] excess body fat is associated with cardiometabolic dysfunction, a clinical situation that can progressively worsen, potentially leading to various common disease risk factors, chronic diseases, increased morbidity and mortality, and reduced quality of life.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] a high percentage of body fat is considered to be the primary cause of risks associated with high body weight.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] obesity, defined as excess fat mass, increases risks for multiple metabolic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and several types of cancer.

Is belly fat or is a large abdominal girth particularly dangerous for health? [SEP] abdominal visceral fat area was assessed by computerized tomography in 382 adult men and women from 100 families of the québec family study. |||

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] it has been suggested that choline and/or phosphatidylcholine may be beneficial in improving the memory deficits associated with aging and alzheimer's disease.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] these results are in contrast with animal studies suggesting that choline supplementation boosts memory performance and learning.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] in two double-blind, placebo-controlled cross-over experiments, we investigated whether the food supplement choline bitartrate improved declarative memory and working memory in healthy, young students one to two hours after supplementation.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] indications from preliminary investigations that administration of choline or lecithin might alleviate some neurological disturbances, prevent hypercholesteremia and atherosclerosis, and restore memory and cognition have resulted in much research and public interest.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] choline is a dietary component and precursor of acetylcholine, a crucial neurotransmitter for memory-related brain functions.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] consumption of a single meal containing lecithin, the major source of choline occurring naturally in the diet, increased the concentrations of choline and acetylcholine in rat brain and adrenal gland.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] specifically, prenatal choline supplementation has been shown to enhance working memory and hippocampal long-term potentiation (ltp) in adult offspring.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] we found that choline did not significantly enhance memory performance during any of the tasks.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] animal studies have shown that choline status pre- and postnatally can have long-lasting effects on attention and memory; however, effects in human subjects have not been well studied.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] choline is abundant in for example eggs and shrimps and many animal studies suggest that it serves as a cognitive enhancer.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] animal studies demonstrate increased choline metabolites in brain following oral administration.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] studies with animal models indicate that the availability of choline during the prenatal period influences neural and cognitive development.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] however, both total choline and phosphatidylcholine intakes were associated with better performance in cognitive tests assessing frontal and temporal lobe functioning.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] we investigated the associations of dietary choline intake with the risk of incident dementia and with cognitive performance in middle-aged and older men in the prospective, population-based kuopio ischaemic heart disease risk factor study.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] the study was undertaken to determine whether supplementing pregnant women with phosphatidylcholine (the main dietary source of choline) improves the cognitive abilities of their offspring.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] whether or not the brain can use supplemental choline to enhance the synthesis of acetylcholine (ach) is an important consideration for assessing the merits of using choline or phosphatidylcholine (lecithin) for the treatment of neuropsychiatric disorders postulated to involve hypocholinergic activity.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] the present review is a report through relevant experimental findings on the effects of choline, a nutritional component found in the diet, to identify a safe and effective dietary solution that can offer some protection against neurotoxicity and neurological disorders and that can be implemented in animals and humans in a very short period of time.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] we conclude that choline likely has no acute effects on cholinergic memory functions in healthy human participants.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] since the levels of free choline in brains from supplemented rats were not different from controls prior to drug challenge, evidence suggested that the observed effects of choline were mediated by alterations in the mobilization of choline from choline-containing compounds.

Can choline ingested with food - alone or in the form of lecithin, for example - improve memory? [SEP] hence, although choline supplementation does not alter the levels of ach in brain under normal conditions, it does appear to support ach synthesis during drug-induced increases in neuronal activity, an effect most likely mediated by alterations in the metabolism of choline-containing phospholipids. |||

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] sugars intake was associated with increased risk of colorectal cancer among smokers and non-alcohol drinkers in men selectively.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] associations between dietary sugars and lifestyle-related cancer risk from longitudinal studies were evaluated.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] a diet high in sugars may promote colorectal carcinogenesis, but it remains uncertain whether high intake of sugars or sucrose confers increased risk of colorectal cancer.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] experimental data suggest that sugars could play a role in cancer etiology through obesity but also through inflammatory and oxidative mechanisms and insulin resistance, even in the absence of weight gain.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] in two of five studies on added sugars, a 60-95% increased cancer risk was observed with higher intakes.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] background: higher sugar consumption may increase cancer risk by promoting insulin-glucose dysregulation, oxidative stress, hormonal imbalances, and excess adiposity.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] there was no association between frequency of consuming sugar-sweetened soft drinks and the risk of these cancers, but an unexpected positive association was observed for consumption of artificially sweetened soft drinks.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] our aim was to determine whether the consumption of sugar-sweetened or artificially sweetened soft drinks was associated with cancers other than those currently identified as being related to obesity.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] in men, sugars intake tended to be associated with colorectal cancer risk inversely among never-smokers and positively among male ever-smokers (interaction p=0.01).

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] total sugar intake was associated with higher overall cancer risk (n = 2503 cases; hr for quartile 4 compared with quartile 1: 1.17; 95% ci: 1.00, 1.37; ptrend = 0.02).

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] we investigated whether higher consumption of sugar-sweetened soft drinks increases the risk of pancreatic cancer.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] previously, we reported a positive association between sugar-sweetened soft drink consumption and obesity-related cancer, but this association was not fully explained by obesity; in contrast, we found no association for consumption of artificially sweetened soft drinks.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] high sugar intake may increase cancer risk by promoting insulin-glucose dysregulation, oxidative stress, inflammation, and body adiposity, but epidemiologic evidence is unclear.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] in addition, significant associations with cancer risk were also observed for added sugars, free sugars, sucrose, sugars from milk-based desserts, dairy products, and sugary drinks (ptrend ≤ 0.01).

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] the authors investigated the associations of sugars and sucrose intake with colorectal cancer risk in a community-based case-control study in japan.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] in order to assess the relationship between dietary intake of sugar and cancers of the digestive tract a comprehensive search of the scientific literature was undertaken.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] our objective was to investigate whether the consumption of total added sugar and sugar-sweetened foods and beverages is associated with pancreatic cancer risk.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] the association between dietary added sugar and susceptibility to uadt cancers or overall survival among 601 uadt cancer cases was evaluated using data from a population-based case-control study conducted in los angeles county.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] these findings suggest that consumption of sugary beverages may decrease survival associated with uadt cancers.

Does white sugar cause cancer? [SEP] our results do not support the hypothesis that consumption of added sugar or of sugar-sweetened foods and beverages is associated with overall risk of pancreatic cancer. |||

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] hyiodine accelerated wound contraction significantly in the first 5 days of healing.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] hyiodine supports wound healing by stimulating wound contraction and epidermal proliferation and by keeping the wound moist through increased exudation.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] hypochlorite solutions are thought to be efficacious when used to topically decontaminate intact skin.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] hypochlorous acid has both anti-microbial and wound healing properties with a growing role for use in pre-procedural care on the face.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] therefore, we compared the decontamination efficacy of sodium hypochlorite (0.5% and 2.5% solutions), calcium hypochlorite (0.5% and 2.5% solutions) and sterile water to untreated controls in wounds exposed to sulfur mustard (hd).

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] acticoat, a new silver-coated dressing, produces a moist healing environment along with the sustained release of ionic silver for improved microbial control.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] to develop a novel sodium alginate based centella asiatica (ca)-loaded hydrocolloid wound dressing (hcd) providing excellent mechanical properties and improved wound healing, numerous ca-loaded hcds were prepared with various ingredients using the hot melting method.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] these properties suggest that acticoat might be a useful donor site dressing.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] in a single-blinded, randomized, controlled trial, the hydrocolloid wound dressing (avery h2460) was compared with healing by secondary intention as a control.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] thus, this novel ca-loaded hcd could be a potential candidate for the treatment of various wounds.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] a mixture of high molecular weight ha with the iodine complex ki(3) (hyiodine) was reported to accelerate wound healing in patients with diabetes and patients after surgery.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] moreover, the in vivo wound healing potentials of the selected ca-loaded hcd in various wound models such as abrasion, excision and infection were evaluated in comparison with the commercial product.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] to evaluate the wound-healing activity of a commercially available hydrocolloid wound dressing (avery h2460, avery dennison, turnhout, belgium) in comparison with a control treatment (fucidine cream with cutiplast sterile dressing) in superficial wounds after surgical removal of seborrheic keratoses.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] we investigated how this mixture affects wound contraction, granulation tissue (gt) and wound edges in excision skin wounds in rats.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] the faster healing in comparison with the control treatment supports the use of the hydrocolloid wound dressing (avery h2460) for the treatment of superficial surgical wounds.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] hyaluronan (ha) plays an important role in the repair of damaged skin and has been used for the treatment of wounds.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] for the treatment of superficial surgical wounds, there are a number of options, including topical antibiotic ointments, dressings, and specialized wound care materials, such as hydrocolloid dressings.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] on day 3, hyiodine-treated wounds had reduced to 63% of the original area, whereas the wound area in saline-treated animals was 75% of the original size.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] sodium hypochlorite is a clear yellowish solution with a characteristic odour of chlorine and is commonly used as a disinfectant and a bleaching agent.

Do wound care products with sodium hypochlorite such as ActiMaris promote the healing process of wounds? [SEP] however, few studies have examined the efficacy of decontamination of chemically contaminated wounds. |||

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] previous studies using msm as an oral supplement to improve pain in those patients with knee osteoarthritis have shown superiority compared to placebo.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] patients with oa of the knee taking msm for 12 weeks showed an improvement in pain and physical function.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] methylsulfonylmethane (msm) is a commonly used diet supplement believed to decrease the inflammation in joints and fastens recovery in osteoarthritis, gastric mucosal injury, or obesity-related disorders.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] in recent years, msm has been widely used as a dietary supplement for its beneficial effects against various diseases, especially arthritis.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] methylsulfonylmethane (msm) is an organic sulfur-containing compound which has been used as a dietary supplement for osteoarthritis.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] methylsulfonylmethane (msm) is a popular dietary supplement used as a single agent and in combination with other nutrients, and purported to be beneficial for arthritis.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] a variety of health-specific outcome measures are improved with msm supplementation, including inflammation, joint/muscle pain, oxidative stress, and antioxidant capacity.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] in this study, mega msm shows positive effects in improving joint function, relieving symptoms associated with joint degeneration and improving the quality of life in aging populations.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] methylsulfonylmethane (msm) is a supplement containing organic sulphur and also reported to slow anatomical joint progressivity in the knee oa.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] the objective of the study was to determine whether the daily use of mega msm capsules could improve joint function, relieve symptoms of joint degeneration and improve the quality of life in aging populations.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] mega msm is a nutritional supplement that may provide potential relief for joint problems associated with joint degeneration.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] the aim of this study was to determine the efficacy of methylsulfonylmethane (msm) in treating patients with knee oa.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] forty nine men and women 45-90 (mean 68 ± sd 7.3) years of age with knee oa according to the american college of rheumatology clinical criteria for oa of the knee and with radiographic confirmed knee oa were enrolled in the study and randomly assigned into 2 groups: one received msm in doses of 1.125 grams 3 times daily for 12 weeks and the other received a placebo in the same dosing frequency.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] msm has been shown to reduce oxidative stress and inflammation, as well as exhibit apoptotic or anti-apoptotic effects depending on the cell type or activating stimuli.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] methylsulfonylmethane (msm) has become a popular dietary supplement used for a variety of purposes, including its most common use as an anti-inflammatory agent.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] the msm is often combined with glucosamine and chondroitin sulfate.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] the benefits and safety of msm in managing oa and long-term use cannot be confirmed from this pilot trial, but its potential clinical application is examined.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] methylsulfonylmethane (msm), an organosulfur compound, has been used as a dietary supplement that can improve various metabolic diseases.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] methylsulfonylmethane (msm) is a naturally occurring sulfur containing substance that has been shown to have anti-inflammatory and antioxidative properties.

Does the dietary supplement MSM help with osteoarthritis? [SEP] there is evidence that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids alleviate the progression of osteoarthritis (oa). |||

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] wheat is a common food causing allergy which has implications on the quality of life.

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] wheat is an important staple food and potent allergen source.

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] wheat is an important part of the daily diet of millions of people.

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] wheat is one of the most consumed foods in the world and unfortunately causes allergic reactions which have important health effects.

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] exposure to dietary wheat proteins in genetically susceptible individuals has been associated with increased risk for the development of type 1 diabetes (t1d).

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] owing to its extensive use in the human diet, wheat is among the most common causes of food-related allergies and intolerances.

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] wheat, one of the most broadly cultivated and consumed food crops worldwide, can accumulate high cd contents in their edible parts, which poses a major hazard to human health.

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] wheat grain is a major staple of our diet.

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] gliadin from wheat is a common food allergen that can induce baker's asthma, wheat-dependent exercise-induced anaphylaxis, atopic dermatitis, and celiac disease.

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] wheat is one of the most important crops in the world in terms of human nutrition.

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] wheat is one of the world's most widely consumed staple food.

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] however, proteins derived from wheat grain have been implicated in both respiratory and food allergies, as well as in contact hypersensitivity.

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] for a small proportion of the population, specific wheat proteins can trigger adverse immune responses and clinical manifestations such as celiac disease, wheat allergy, baker's asthma, and wheat-dependent exercise-induced anaphylaxis (wdeia).

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] this review discusses what is currently known about wheat grain proteins and allergens.

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] with regards to health, some individuals exhibit wheat-related disorders such as food allergy to wheat (faw).

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] allergic reactions to wheat may be caused by ingestion of wheat containing foods or inhalation of flour (bakers asthma).

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] allergies to wheat are provoked by ingestion, inhalation or contact with either the soluble or the insoluble gluten proteins in wheat.

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] background: it is important to analyze the presence of wheat/gluten in food to avoid wheat allergy or celiac disease.

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] gluten proteins, and particularly the gliadin fraction, are also the main factor triggering celiac disease, a common enteropathy induced by ingestion of wheat gluten proteins and related prolamins from oat, rye and barley in genetically susceptible individuals.

Is wheat lectin, which is found in high amounts especially in whole wheat, harmful to health? [SEP] the consumption of wheat, rye, and barley may cause adverse reactions to wheat such as celiac disease, non-celiac gluten/wheat sensitivity, or wheat allergy. |||

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] fish is an important source of dietary intake of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (pcdd/fs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (pcbs).

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] fish consumption has been classified as one of the primary pathways of exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans (pcdd/fs) and biphenyls (pcbs).

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] this paper reports polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin (pcdd), polychlorinated dibenzofuran (pcdf), and polychlorinated biphenyl (pcb) concentrations in fish collected from polish and vietnamese farms and the related risk for consumers.

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] there is extensive evidence that fish from waters with polychlorinated biphenyls (pcb)-contaminated sediments accumulate pcbs and related chemicals and that people who eat fish from contaminated waters have higher body burdens of pcbs and pcb metabolites than those who do not.

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] compared with other types of foods of animal origin, fish contain the highest levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (pcbs), polychlorinated dibenzo- p-dioxins, and polychlorinated dibenzofurans, all of which are classified as highly toxic organochlorine compounds.

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] consumption of fish and shellfish from contaminated areas may be an important source of human exposure to persistent organohalogen compounds such as polychlorinated biphenyls (pcbs), polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (pcdds), and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (pcdfs).

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] farmed fish can be exposed to persistent organic contaminants--such as polychlorinated biphenyls (pcbs), dibenzodioxins (pcdds), and dibenzofurans (pcdfs)--via feed, this eventually resulting in accumulation levels of health concern.

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] to characterise the potential health risk associated with pcdd/f and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyl (dl-pcb) intake, doses ingested in two 100 g portions of fish by adults and children were calculated and expressed as the percentage of the tolerable weekly intake (twi) newly established by the efsa in november 2018 at 2 pg who-teq kg-1 b.w.

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] the human population is exposed to dioxins (pcdd/fs) and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (dl-pcbs) mainly through diet; bioaccumulation and biomagnification in aquatic environment results in fishery products and by-products being an important vector to humans.

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] humans are mainly exposed to these pollutants through ingestion of contaminated fish and fishery products; the consumption of fatty fish such as european catfish can contribute considerably to the intake of dioxins and pcbs.

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] dietary exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (pcdd/fs) via fish consumption in two major electronic (e) waste sites: guiyu (gy), guangdong province and taizhou (tz), zhejiang province, and dioxin-like activity in fish determined by h4iie-luc bioassay.

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] it has been known that fish oils are prone to contamination by polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (pcdds), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (pcdfs), and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (dl-pcbs).

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] dietary intake of fish containing organic contaminants poses a potential threat to human health.

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] there is evidence showing that fish in the human diet contributes at a significant proportion to the total intake of pcbs and other organochlorine compounds, particularly fish with higher fat levels.

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] pcbs and their metabolites are potentially toxic; thus, it is important to human health to understand the uptake, biotransformation, and elimination of pcbs in fish since these processes determine the extent of accumulation.

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] food consumption is by far the main exposure route for polychlorinated biphenyls (pcbs) for the general population, and fish and fishery products seem to be the main contributors to the total dietary intake of these pollutants.

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] this study measured the levels of pcbs in wild and farmed sea bass (dicentrarchus labrax l.), one of the most valuable and popular fish in the italian diet, and assessed the exposure to these pollutants through fish intake.

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] in the present work, an assessment has been carried out to look at the human health risk associated with consumption of fish contaminated with organochlorine pesticides (ocps) and polychlorinated biphenyles (pcbs) in certain fish species collected from lake hawassa, ethiopia.

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] fish and fishery products may represent one of the main sources of dietary exposure to persistent toxic substances (ptss) such as polychlorinated dibenzodioxins, dibenzofurans, and biphenyls; polybromodiphenyl ethers; organochlorine pesticides; perfluorooctanoic acid and perfluorooctane sulfonate; and inorganic mercury and methyl mercury.

Is it harmful to health to regularly eat large quantities of fish contaminated with dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)? [SEP] the polychlorinated biphenyls (pcbs) and ddt may bioaccumulate in the aquatic food web and have been of great concern due to their toxic effects on wildlife and human health. |||

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] dmps (2,3-dimercaptopropane-1-sulfonate, na salt), when used as a challenge test for mercury in workers involved in the production of a calomel skin-bleaching lotion and in direct contact with mercurous chloride, elevated urine levels of mercury.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] in some patients, the diagnosis of mercury poisoning has been made based on urine mercury excretions following oral dosing of meso-dimercaptosuccinic acid (dmsa), a metal chelator.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] these results provide normative values for urinary mercury excretion both before and after dmsa challenge, and suggest that dmsa chelation challenge is not useful as a biomarker of past mercury exposure.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] the chelating agent 2,3 dimercaptopropane-1-sulfonate (dmps) has been used in a mercury mobilization test for diagnoses in illnesses allegedly associated with the presence of amalgam restorations.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] this study assessed diagnostic chelation challenge with dimercaptosuccinic acid (dmsa) as a measure of mercury body burden among mercury-exposed workers.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] dmps treatment was effective in lowering the body burden of mercury and in decreasing the urinary mercury concentration to normal levels.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] the aim of the study was to evaluate the efficacy of dmps (sodium-2,3-dimercapto-1-propane sulfonate) (dimaval) administration for mobilizing mercury from the body in occupationally exposed people and experimental animals.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] twenty-four hour urine for mercury and blood mercury are the gold standards for diagnosis of mercury poisoning, including low-level chronic mercury exposure.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] in rats, two consecutive doses of dmps decreased kidney content of mercury by about 30% and 50% after oral and intraperitoneal administration, respectively.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] two doses of dmps were administered at a 24-h interval to: (a) groups of people occupationally exposed to merkury--workers of the chloralkali industry (n = 43), and dentists (n = 12), (b) non-exposed individuals (n = 20), and (c) rats chronically exposed to mercury vapour at the concentration of 0.8 mg/m3 hg degree (6 h/day, 5 days/week) for 15 weeks.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] it was estimated that two doses of dmps mobilized 17-20% (after oral administration) and 25-30% (after intramuscular administration) of kidney mercury burden, both in the control and exposed subjects.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] dmps is an accepted antidote to heavy metal poisoning.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] after dmps treatment there was a significant decrease of whole body mercury levels and an increase in urinary excretion.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] in the present study, we wished to evaluate the effect on blood mercury levels (b-hg) following intravenously injected dmps in four groups of subjects: 19 controls without amalgam experience; 21 healthy controls with amalgam fillings; 20 patients with self-reported symptoms from existing dental amalgams; and 20 patients who had removed amalgam fillings.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] based on the phenomenon that trace mercury ion can disperse the aggregated dpa-cunps, resulting in great fluorescence quench of the system, a sensitive and selective assay for mercury ion in aqueous solution with the dpa-cunps was developed.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] other tests for mercury level are discussed.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] a simple rise in chelated mercury excretion over baseline excretion is not a reliable diagnostic indicator of mercury poisoning.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] blood mercury concentrations and 12-hour urine mercury and creatinine excretions were measured before and after oral ingestion of 30 mg of dmsa per kilogram of body weight.

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] the chelation of mercury by 2,3-dimercaptopropane-1-sulfonate (dmps) and its usefulness in the estimation of mercury burdens was investigated by exposing male, sprague-dawley rats to 203hgcl2 (0.1-2 mg of hg per kg i.p.)

Is the DMPS test suitable to reliably indicate mercury poisoning? [SEP] a case of poisoning with a mercury "solution" is reported. |||

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] antihypertensive and antidiabetic effects of stevia, stevia rebaudiana (asteraceae), have been demonstrated in several human and animal models.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] this study is the first to show the effectiveness of stevia in reducing cardiac action potential duration at 20 %, 50 %, and 90 % of repolarisation.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] stevia also showed beneficial modulatory effects on cardiovascular and gastrointestinal tissues via calcium channel antagonism, activation of the m2 muscarinic receptor function, and enhanced nitric oxide release.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] in cardiomyocytes, stevia attenuated the force of contraction, decreased the average peak amplitude, and shortened the repolarisation phase of action potential - repolarisation phase of action potential20 by 25 %, repolarisation phase of action potential50 by 34 %, and repolarisation phase of action potential90 by 36 %.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] the current study aims to define stevia's role in modifying the electrophysiological and mechanical properties of cardiomyocytes, blood vessels, and gastrointestinal smooth muscle.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] the regulation of blood pressure by dietary means represents an important approach toward the reduction of morbidity and mortality of heart disease.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] cardiovascular complications may, to a large extent, be prevented by lowering blood pressure in hypertensive patients.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] stevia caused relaxation of aortic tissues which was significantly potentiated in the presence of verapamil.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] in mesenteric arteries, incubation with l-name failed to block stevia-induced relaxation indicating the mechanism of action may not be fully via nitric oxide-dependent pathways.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] thus, the method used to lower blood pressure may be important.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] reduction of high blood pressure has an effect on coronary mortality and morbidity lower than expected.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] this paper reviews the evidence for the blood pressure-lowering effects of a vegetarian diet on those with elevated blood pressure.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] the effects of stevia (1 × 10-9 m to 1 × 10-4 m) were measured on these tissues.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] to test if spironolactone or dietary nitrate from beetroot juice could reduce arterial stiffness as aortic pulse wave velocity (pwvart), a potential treatment target, independently of blood pressure.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] in hypertensive subjects, cardiovascular risk reduction is critically related to the decrease of systolic blood pressure (sbp).

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] the results of our dietary intervention studies demonstrated that a lowered saturated fat, higher polyunsaturated fat diet had a lowering effect on both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and a lowering effect on blood lipids.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] reduction of high blood pressure has, by itself, an anti-atherogenic effect, but, for some anti-hypertensive drugs, there is experimental and clinical evidence of anti-atherogenic properties.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] stevia's effects in the presence of verapamil, 4-ap, and l-name were also assessed.

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] as a consequence of altering the diet, we have found that the blood pressure lowering effect appears to be mediated through linoleic acid (n-6).

Can stevia lower high blood pressure? [SEP] reduction of sodium intake lowers blood pressure in many patients with essential hypertension. |||

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] genetically modified corn has been approved as an animal feed in several countries, but information about the fate of genetically modified dna and protein in vivo is insufficient.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] no cry9c-specific igg or igg1 was detected in the serum of bn rats fed the diet containing 5% gm-corn in conclusion, no immunotoxic activity was detected in the gm-corn-fed rats and mice in this subchronic dietary study.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] this fall, genetically modified corn that had not been approved for human consumption was found in taco shells in the united states.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] insecticide use, grower preferences regarding genetically engineered (ge) corn resistant to corn rootworm (crw), and the health effects of using various crw insecticides (organophosphates, pyrethroids, fipronil and carbamates) are reviewed for current and future farm practices.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] the present study investigated the chronic effect on the composition and proportions of the cecal microbiota of laying hens for 12 weeks after consuming two genetically modified (gm) corns containing the maroacc gene from the agrobacterium tumefaciens strain (cc) and the mcry1ac gene from the bacillus thuringiensis strain (bt) in comparison with the isogenic corn (ct).

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] these results indicate a similar modulation of cecal microbiota in laying hens by long-term feeding among transgenic cc corn, bt corn and non-transgenic corn and provide data for biosafety evaluation of the transgenic corn.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] last week, the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) convened a scientific panel to review evidence on whether this starlink corn could harm sensitive people by causing allergic reactions.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] corn is one of the major crops in the world, but its low lysine content is often problematic for animal consumption.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] this review focuses on current and prospective research surrounding the utilization of corn fiber and corn bran in the production of potentially higher-value food components.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] corn is an attractive host for vaccine production and oral delivery.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] extensive use of corn coproducts in swine diets increases the concentration of dietary fiber, raising concerns on energy and nutrient digestibility and, ultimately, pig performance.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] our three-month-long feeding experiment demonstrated that calves (n=6), fed with a ration containing 43.3% of bt11 corn kernels as dry matter, did not develop any discernible clinical, hematological, biochemical, or ruminal abnormalities as compared with control calves (n=6) fed non-bt11 corn.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] since the beginning of the development of plant-based vaccines, corn was explored for the production and delivery of vaccines.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] widely consumed by populations of all socioeconomic classes worldwide, corn is one of the few food sources of lutein and zeaxanthin.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] although bt11 corn is considered safe based on animal performance, there are no reports available on the clinico-biochemical effects of feeding it to cattle.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] corn is a major ingredient of mixed feed, and it has been reported that corn may be contaminated with deoxynivalenol (don).

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] in this study, we hypothesized that adequate intake of corn fractions (aleurone, endosperm and germ) can modify lipid profiles in relation to atherosclerotic lesion development in low-density lipoprotein receptor knockout (ldlr-ko) mice.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] in conclusion, the dietary level of insoluble-low fermentable dietary fiber from corn origin decreased the digestibility of dietary aa, and the ability of the growing pig to ferment corn dietary fiber.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] in the recent past, it has been suggested that consumption of mycotoxin contaminated sorghum/corn may be involved in the development of pellagra in a sorghum/corn eating population.

Is eating genetically modified corn a health concern? [SEP] fresh and cooked baby corn, sweet corn, dent corn and industrially processed and cooked popcorn, corn grits, corn flour and corn flakes were analysed for the determination of proximate, minerals, xanthophylls and phenolic acids content. |||

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] serum igg and iga food antibodies have been used for dietary advice to subjects with gastrointestinal symptoms and perceived food intolerance, but the role of these antibodies in mediating intolerance is controversial.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] diagnostic food-specific ige levels might assist in diagnosing food allergies and circumventing the need for food challenges.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] quantification of food-specific ige is a valuable tool that will aid in the diagnosis of symptomatic food allergy and might decrease the need for double-blind, placebo-controlled food challenges.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] this article considers those assays useful in the diagnosis of type 1 hypersensitivity to foods (ige-based) and, importantly, discusses those assays where evidence is lacking for their use.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] since many patients believe that their symptoms are related to food ingestion without diagnostic confirmation of a causal relationship, tests for food-specific igg4 represent a growing market.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] it has been claimed that ige/igg4 antibody testing is a rapid and valid method of determining food intolerance.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] specific igg4 dosing against food is proposed to the public by a lot of commercial laboratories as a reliable method to diagnose food intolerance.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] in this study we evaluated the clinical utility of specific igg4 dosing against food in adult patients with suspected food allergy/intolerance.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] the usefulness of serum antibodies to common food antigens (immunoglobulin g4; igg4) assay in management of patients suffering from food intolerance was assessed.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] to understand the causes of food intolerance, it is important to investigate sensitization patterns of food-specific iggs (sigg) in relation to dietary patterns and physical conditions.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] in adult patients, testing for specific igg4 lacks clinical utility for the diagnosis of food allergy or intolerance.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] a case series of 73 adult patients with suspected food allergy and clinical manifestations of chronic urticaria or other allergy-supposed skin symptoms were tested for specific igg4 against foods.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] in conclusion, food-specific igg4 does not indicate (imminent) food allergy or intolerance, but rather a physiological response of the immune system after exposition to food components.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] diagnosing food allergy is often challenging, and validated testing modalities are mostly limited to immunoglobulin e (ige)-mediated reactions to foods.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] serological tests for immunoglobulin g4 (igg4) against foods are persistently promoted for the diagnosis of food-induced hypersensitivity.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] total serum ige is not a suitable screen for food allergy.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] specific immunoglobulins g and a (igg and iga) for common food items have been extensively measured as surrogate markers of food allergy, and dietary avoidance based on the test results advocated.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] use of food-specific ige tests and skin prick tests in individuals without a history that supports an ige-mediated reaction to the specific food being tested diminishes the predictive capabilities of the test.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] therefore, testing of igg4 to foods is considered as irrelevant for the laboratory work-up of food allergy or intolerance and should not be performed in case of food-related complaints.

Are privately performed IgG tests to clarify food intolerances meaningful? [SEP] these findings, combined with the lack of convincing evidence for histamine-releasing properties of igg4 in humans, and lack of any controlled studies on the diagnostic value of igg4 testing in food allergy, do not provide any basis for the hypothesis that food-specific igg4 should be attributed with an effector role in food hypersensitivity. |||

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] many health-conscious individuals practice a gluten-free diet, even if they do not have celiac disease.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] a gluten-free diet is the safest treatment for the treatment of patient with celiac disease (cd) and other gluten-related disorders.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] despite increased prescription of a gluten-free diet for gastrointestinal symptoms in individuals who do not have celiac disease, there is minimal evidence that suggests that gluten is a trigger.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] although the gluten-free diet has been recognized as therapeutic for individuals suffering from celiac disease, it has been promoted recently for other indications, such as autism, chronic fatigue syn- drome, and irritable bowel syndrome, or simply as a healthy dietary choice for anyone.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] a gluten-free diet (gfd) is recommended for all patients with coeliac disease (cd).

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] a gluten-free diet (gfd), the mainstay of treatment for celiac disease, is being increasingly adopted by people without this condition.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] the authors analyzed nationally representative data to estimate the prevalence of adherence to a gluten-free diet among participants without celiac disease and also to characterize the demographics and general health status of these participants.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] they should be a part of a diet for people with gluten-related disorders, like celiac disease.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] celiac disease is a gluten-induced hypersensitivity reaction that requires a lifelong gluten-free diet.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] this study reinforces the need for clinicians to recognize that avoidance of gluten cannot be the sole focus of a gluten-free diet.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] patients with non-celiac gluten sensitivity (ncgs) do not have celiac disease but their symptoms improve when they are placed on gluten-free diets.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] a gluten-free diet is currently the only effective means of treating individuals with celiac disease.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] it is essential for patients with celiac disease (cd) to be on a gluten-free diet (gfd) but said diet has also been reported to increase the risk for metabolic syndrome.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] the basics of the gluten-free diet are explored, with evidence-based indications and nursing implications when patients choose gluten-free.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] individuals with celiac disease generally are advised to follow a lifelong gluten-free diet and avoid consumption of the prolamins gliadin (wheat), secalin (rye), and hordein (barley).

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] gluten-free foods have increased in popularity over the past decade and are now being consumed by individuals without celiac disease.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] however, in the last years, gluten-free diet is one of the most popular diet followed by the general population and by patients affected from others clinical conditions, such as non-celiac gluten sensitivity (ncgs), irritable bowel syndrome (ibs), autism, neurological, psychiatric and rheumatologic diseases and for improving sports practice.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] such a gluten-free diet (gfd) is recommended irrespective of the presence of symptoms.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] gluten-free diet followers have a better cardiovascular risk profile than non-gluten-free diet followers but poorer self-reported health and a higher prevalence of blood and immune disorders and digestive conditions.

Is a gluten-free diet recommended for people who do not have celiac disease? [SEP] the number of gluten-free diet followers without celiac disease (cd) is increasing. |||

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] nobiletin, one of the polymethoxylated flavonoids isolated from citrus peels, is reported to possess various biological activities.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] naringenin, a citrus flavonoid, prevents diet-induced weight gain and improves glucose and lipid metabolism in rodents.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] nobiletin is a non-toxic dietary flavonoid that possesses anti-cancer properties.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] however, in these models, a significant effect of naringenin supplementation is the prevention of weight gain, which in itself can confer metabolic protection.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] nobiletin is a flavonoid that, besides having anti-inflammatory and anti-tumoral activity, seems to exert protective effects on cardiovascular system.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] these data suggest that nobiletin might be a potential antithrombotic agent of dietary origin.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] the natural product nobiletin is a small molecule, widely studied with regard to its therapeutic effects, including in cancer cell lines and tumors.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] the current study investigates the effect and possible mechanisms of nobiletin on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld) in high-fat diet (hfd)-fed rats.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] several studies investigated nobiletin as a natural drug to antagonize the atherosclerotic disease.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] recently, nobiletin has also been shown to affect circadian rhythms via their enhancement, resulting in protection against metabolic syndrome.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] a recent study reported that nobiletin is an active ingredient in fructus aurantii immaturus and pericarpium citri reticulatae, which may be capable of preventing ischemic stroke.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] stamens of nelumbo nucifera gaertn have been used as a chinese medicine due to its antioxidant, hypoglycemic, and antiatherogenic activity.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] these findings suggest that nobiletin alleviates hfd-induced nafld and metabolic dysfunction in rats.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] nobiletin significantly increased plasma adiponectin levels, together with up-regulation of liver adiponectin receptor 1 (adipor1) expression.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] nobiletin prevented these ox-ldl-mediated effects by exerting antioxidant effects, finally leading to inhibition of the transcription factor nf-κb.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] treatment of hfd-fed rats with nobiletin significantly reduced systolic blood pressure, adiposity, hyperlipidemia, insulin resistance, hepatic lipids content, nafld activity score and liver fibrosis.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] due to this enhanced action against a more malignant cell type, nobiletin may be used to improve prostate cancer survival rates.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] moreover, we have studied whether the nobiletin effects might be modulated by the inhibition of the nf-κb pathway.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] nobiletin has been reported to reduce the risk of prostate cancer, but the mechanism is not well understood.

Does the plant substance nobiletin contained in mandarins protect against weight gain? [SEP] there is evidence that naringenin activates brown fat and increases energy expenditure in mice, but little is known about its effects in humans. |||

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to examine the association between dairy-product intake and hip fracture among a national sample of women aged 50 years and older.

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] because many fractures in this age group are of the appendicular skeleton often associated with falls, dairy intake may be a modifiable lifestyle factor contributing to healthy aging.

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] in this group of older us adults, higher milk consumption was associated with a lower risk of hip fracture.

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] these results suggest that greater intakes of milk and milk + yogurt may lower risk for hip fracture in older adults through mechanisms that are partially, but not entirely, attributable to effects on bone mineral density.

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] dairy foods are rich in bone-beneficial nutrients, yet the role of dairy foods in hip fracture prevention remains controversial.

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] background: previous studies showed beneficial effects of specific dairy foods on bone health in middle-aged adults.objective: we examined the association of milk, yogurt, cheese, cream, fluid dairy (milk + yogurt), and milk + yogurt + cheese intakes with bone mineral density (bmd) and 4-y percentage of change in bmd [▵%bmd; femoral neck, trochanter, and lumbar spine (ls)].

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to examine whether higher milk and dairy food consumption are associated with risk of hip fracture in older adults following a report of an increased risk for milk in swedish women.

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] the objective of this study was to review existing literature on the effects of dairy products and total dietary calcium on bone integrity in children and young adults to assess whether evidence supports (1) current recommended calcium intake levels and (2) the suggestion that dairy products are better for promoting bone integrity than other calcium-containing food sources or supplements.

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] we evaluated the association between intake of dairy foods and peripheral bone structure and muscle mass in 564 elderly women aged 80 to 92 (mean 84.7) years, who were participants of the calcium intake fracture outcome study/caifos aged extension study (caifos/cares) cohort and attended the 10-year follow-up.

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] milk, cheese, yogurt) is advocated for bone health across the lifespan to reduce the risk of low-trauma fractures.

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] univariate analyses using sas procedures showed dairy-product intake was significantly associated with hip fracture.

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] total dairy food intake, of which milk contributed about half, was associated with a significant 6% lower risk of hip fracture per daily serving in men and women (rr = 0.94, ci 0.90 to 0.98).

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] participants with medium (>1 and <7 servings/wk) or higher (≥7 servings/wk) milk intake tended to have lower hip fracture risk than those with low (≤1 serving/wk) intake (high versus low intake hr 0.58, 95% confidence interval [ci] 0.31-1.06, p = 0.078; medium versus low intake hr 0.61, 95% ci 0.36-1.08, p = 0.071; p trend = 0.178].

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] some previous evidence have linked dairy products with greater muscle mass, bone mineral density and lower risk of osteoporosis.

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] numerous nutrition policy statements recommend the consumption of 800 to 1500 mg of calcium largely from dairy products for osteoporosis prevention; however, the findings of epidemiologic and prospective studies have raised questions about the efficacy of the use of dairy products for the promotion of bone health.

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] our results suggest a positive association of dairy intake with appendicular bone mineralization and muscle mass in elderly women.

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] a medline (national library of medicine, bethesda, md) search was conducted for studies published on the relationship between milk, dairy products, or calcium intake and bone mineralization or fracture risk in children and young adults (1-25 years).

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] the objective of this review was to determine whether scientific evidence supports the recommendation that dairy foods be consumed daily for improved bone health in the general us population.

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] studies were reviewed that examined the relation of dairy foods to bone health in all age, sex, and race groups.

Does consumption of dairy products in middle and advanced age protect against bone fractures? [SEP] cox proportional hazards models were used to calculate the relative risks (rr) of hip fracture per daily serving of milk (240 ml) and other dairy foods that were assessed every 4 years, controlling for other dietary intakes, bmi, height, smoking, activity, medications, and disease diagnoses. |||

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] the aim of the study was to compare the tolerance of unhomogenized and homogenized cow's milk in lactose tolerant adults who had repeatedly experienced better tolerance of unhomogenized than homogenized milk.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] lactose intolerance is a common health concern causing gastrointestinal symptoms and avoidance of dairy products by afflicted individuals.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] true lactose intolerance (symptoms stemming from lactose malabsorption) is less common than is widely perceived, and should be viewed as just one potential cause of cows' milk intolerance.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] homogenized and pasteurized) cow's milk although they do not suffer from ige-mediated cow's milk allergy or lactose intolerance.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] this paper reports on differences in maximum blood sugar rise in lactose intolerant children who are observed to consume or reject milk.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] on the low-fat control diet, cows with the beta-lactoglobulin allele b had a greater milk and milk component yield than cows with the a allele, whereas no differences by beta-lactoglobulin phenotype were observed in cows on the tallow supplement diet.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] the results of this study show no difference in the tolerance of homogenized and unhomogenized milk in adults with self-reported symptoms suggestive of hypersensitivity to homogenized milk.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] the major cow's milk allergen beta-lactoglobulin (beta-lg) is relatively resistant to enzymatic degradation and may therefore be involved in non-immunoglobulin (ig)e-mediated cow's milk allergy (cma) with delayed gastrointestinal symptoms.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] there is increasing evidence that a1 beta-casein, a protein produced by a major proportion of european-origin cattle but not purebred asian or african cattle, is also associated with cows' milk intolerance.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] since milk is a primary source of calcium and vitamin d, lactose intolerant individuals often obtain insufficient amounts of these nutrients which may lead to adverse health outcomes.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] it has been hypothesized that certain consumers tolerate untreated cow's milk, but react to processed (i.e.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] beta-lactoglobulin phenotype is associated with changes in yield and composition of milk.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] symptoms were recorded when lnp subjects ingested 240 ml regular or lactose-hydrolyzed milk twice daily for 7 d in a double-blind crossover study.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] lactose intolerant populations are heterogeneous with respect to their milk-drinking habits.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] individuals with lactose intolerance (li) tend to exclude milk from their diet since this behavior seems to relieve the symptoms caused by the disease.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] in holstein friesian dairy cows, selective pressure for increased milk production has led to a higher propensity to disease, including mastitis, when compared to less selected and lower producing dairy breeds.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] however, milk is a food of high nutritional value, and complete exclusion of dairy products may favor the development of bone diseases such as osteopenia and osteoporosis.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] the utilization of immunoglobulins (ig) for colostrogenesis might impair humoral immunity in peripartal dairy cows; therefore this study investigated the effects of a cla supplement, parity and different dietary energy levels on plasma and colostrum igg1, igg2 and igm levels in dairy cows and their calves.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] hypersensitivity to milk proteins can also draw the public away from fluid milk consumption.

Is the milk of horn-bearing cows less rich in allergens and more easily tolerated by lactose-intolerant individuals? [SEP] this study explored the hypothesis that milk from individual cows differs in its growth medium properties for e. coli, and whether possible variation could be related to specific milk constituents. |||

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] we assert that effective flossing between specific teeth can promote gingival/periodontal health.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] recent meta-analyses and other reviews have found inconclusive evidence to support that tooth flossing promotes gingival/periodontal health.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] there is some evidence from twelve studies that flossing in addition to toothbrushing reduces gingivitis compared to toothbrushing alone.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] there is some evidence from twelve studies that flossing in addition to toothbrushing reduces gingivitis compared to toothbrushing alone.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] effective daily plaque control promotes gingival/periodontal health.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] consistent good dental hygiene can help prevent gingivitis and periodontitis.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] to assess the effects of flossing in addition to toothbrushing, as compared with toothbrushing alone, in the management of periodontal diseases and dental caries in adults.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] to assess the effects of flossing in addition to toothbrushing, as compared with toothbrushing alone, in the management of periodontal diseases and dental caries in adults.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] mechanical removal of plaque through frequent and efficacious brushing and flossing is the principal means of preventing periodontal diseases and diminishing the risk of caries.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] the results suggest that, in combination with toothbrushing, daily use of the tested mouthrinses may result in a higher interproximal plaque reduction than daily flossing.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] this review is to determine the effectiveness of flossing in addition to toothbrushing for preventing gum disease and dental caries in adults.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] this review is to determine the effectiveness of flossing in addition to toothbrushing for preventing gum disease and dental caries in adults.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] there is weak, very unreliable evidence from 10 studies that flossing plus toothbrushing may be associated with a small reduction in plaque at 1 and 3 months.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] there is weak, very unreliable evidence from 10 studies that flossing plus toothbrushing may be associated with a small reduction in plaque at 1 and 3 months.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] the use of dental floss has long been considered to be effective in controlling interproximal plaque and gingivitis.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] the 1-month estimate translates to a 0.13 point reduction on a 0 to 3 point scale for loe-silness gingivitis index, and the 3 and 6 month results translate to 0.20 and 0.09 reductions on the same scale.overall there is weak, very unreliable evidence which suggests that flossing plus toothbrushing may be associated with a small reduction in plaque at 1 or 3 months.none of the included trials reported data for the outcomes of caries, calculus, clinical attachment loss, or quality of life.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] the 1-month estimate translates to a 0.13 point reduction on a 0 to 3 point scale for loe-silness gingivitis index, and the 3 and 6 month results translate to 0.20 and 0.09 reductions on the same scale.overall there is weak, very unreliable evidence which suggests that flossing plus toothbrushing may be associated with a small reduction in plaque at 1 or 3 months.none of the included trials reported data for the outcomes of caries, calculus, clinical attachment loss, or quality of life.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] in conjunction with professional care (prophylaxis) and toothbrushing over six months, rinsing twice daily with an essential oil-containing mouthrinse was at least as good as flossing daily in reducing interproximal plaque and gingivitis.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] habitual toothbrushing with fluoridated toothpaste followed by rinsing with antibacterial mouthwashes is a method to maintain good oral hygiene and to diminish the occurrence and severity of dental caries and periodontal disease.

Does daily flossing protect against tooth decay, periodontitis and tooth loss? [SEP] daily use of a toothbrush and other oral hygiene aids is the most dependable way to achieve oral health benefits for all patients. |||

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] protein supplementation can enhance muscle protein synthesis after exercise and may preserve skeletal muscle mass and function in aging adults.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] athletes as well as elderly or hospitalized patients use dietary protein supplementation to maintain or grow skeletal muscle.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] protein supplementation increases muscle mass and strength gains during prolonged resistance-type exercise training in both younger and older subjects.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] it has been proposed that protein supplementation during resistance exercise training enhances muscle hypertrophy.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] protein supplementation has been suggested to augment endurance training adaptations by increasing mixed muscle and myofibrillar protein synthesis and lean body mass.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] protein supplementation showed a positive effect for ffm (weighted mean difference: 0.69 kg; 95% ci: 0.47, 0.91 kg; p < 0.00001) and 1-rm leg press strength (weighted mean difference: 13.5 kg; 95% ci: 6.4, 20.7 kg; p < 0.005) compared with a placebo after prolonged resistance-type exercise training in younger and older subjects.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] it is now well established that protein supplementation after resistance exercise promotes increased muscle protein synthesis, which ultimately results in greater net muscle accretion, relative to exercise alone or exercise with supplementary carbohydrate ingestion.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] increased amino acid availability stimulates muscle protein synthesis (mps), which is critical for maintaining or increasing muscle mass when combined with training.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] evidence has shown that protein supplementation following resistance exercise training (ret) helps to further enhance muscle mass and strength.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] whey protein is a supplemental protein source often used by athletes, particularly those aiming to gain muscle mass; however, direct evidence for its efficacy in stimulating muscle protein synthesis (mps) is lacking.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] provision of dietary amino acids increases skeletal muscle protein synthesis (mps), an effect that is enhanced by prior resistance exercise.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] consuming protein following exercise has been shown to stimulate protein synthesis acutely in skeletal muscle and has been recommended to prevent sarcopenia.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] protein ingestion following endurance exercise does facilitate an increase in skeletal mps, supporting muscle repair, growth and remodeling.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] protein supplementation during resistance training has a modest effect on whole-body lean mass as compared with exercise training without protein supplementation, and there was no effect on any outcome between protein supplement types (blend vs whey).

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] consequently, it is generally accepted that protein supplementation is required to maximize the adaptive response of the skeletal muscle to prolonged resistance-type exercise training.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] in this way, consuming dietary protein can complement intense exercise training and facilitate the skeletal muscle adaptive response.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] the objective of the study was to define the efficacy of protein supplementation to augment the adaptive response of the skeletal muscle to prolonged resistance-type exercise training in younger and older populations.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] it is recognized that high quality protein is needed for muscle accretion, and can be obtained from both animal and plant-based sources.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] dietary protein is a pre-requisite for the maintenance of skeletal muscle mass; stimulating increases in muscle protein synthesis (mps), via essential amino acids (eaa), and attenuating muscle protein breakdown, via insulin.

Do protein supplements help build muscle? [SEP] however, protein supplementation did not enhance resistance exercise-induced increases in myofiber hypertrophy, satellite cell content, or myonuclear addition in young healthy men. |||

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] music-based therapy for rehabilitation induces neuromodulation at the brain level and improves the functional recovery.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] this review presents an overview of the use of music therapy in neurological early rehabilitation of patients with coma and other disorders of consciousness (doc) such as unresponsive wakefulness syndrome (uws) or minimally conscious state (mcs).

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] music therapy has been used in rehabilitation to stimulate brain functions involved in movement, cognition, speech, emotions and sensory perceptions.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] musical training and music-based rehabilitation have been shown to enhance cognitive functioning and neuroplasticity, but the potential rehabilitative effects of music in tbi are still largely unknown.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] these findings demonstrate for the first time that music has a beneficial effect on cognitive processes of patients with disorders of consciousness.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] next, we review the neuropsychological literature examining musical ability in professional musicians following brain damage, specifically of vascular, tumoral and epileptic aetiology.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] the current review examines the possibility that training-related changes that take place in the brains of musicians may have a beneficial effect on their cognitive outcome and recovery following neurological damage.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] what is the state of knowledge and evidence for a role of music in supporting the rehabilitation of movements after stroke?

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] the aim of the present study was to evaluate the effect of music on cerebral processing in patients with disorders of consciousness.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] the psychological and neural mechanisms potentially underlying the rehabilitating effect of music after stroke are discussed.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] the purpose of this paper is to present the theory for therapeutic music training (tmt) and to provide a pilot case study investigating the potential efficacy of tmt to remediate cognitive impairment following an abi.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] music therapy as a clinical intervention has been demonstrated to improve mood states with a variety of populations, however, this has not yet been shown empirically with participants with neurological impairments.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] building on neuroimaging evidence that vocal music engages extensive and bilateral networks in the brain, we sought to determine if it would be more effective for enhancing cognitive and language recovery and neuroplasticity than instrumental music or speech after stroke.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] it has been suggested that the expression of residual cerebral function could be improved by allowing patients to listen to their favourite music.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] randomized and quasi-randomized controlled trials that compared music therapy interventions and standard care with standard care alone or combined with other therapies for people older than 16 years of age who had acquired brain damage of a non-degenerative nature and were participating in treatment programs offered in hospital, outpatient or community settings.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] we investigated effects of music-supported therapy (mst) in chronic stroke on motor, cognitive, and psychosocial functions compared to conventional physical training (grasp).

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] music listening conveys beneficial effects on cognitive processes in both normal and pathologic cerebral functioning.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] furthermore, music has been shown to improve cognitive functions both in healthy subjects and patients with neurological impairment.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] neurosensory stimulation is effective in enhancing the recovery process of severely brain-injured patients with disorders of consciousness.

Does music therapy promote recovery from severe limitations of consciousness after severe brain injury? [SEP] then we will present findings about the short- and long-term effects of music listening on the recovery of cognitive function in stroke patients and the underlying neural mechanisms of these music effects. |||

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] in practice, numerous drugs interact with grapefruit juice.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] drugs interacting with grapefruit and inducing serious clinical consequences (confirmed or very probable) include: immunosuppressants, some statins, benzodiazepines, most calcium channel blockers, indinavir and carbamazepine.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] several serious adverse effects involving drug interactions with grapefruit juice have been published in detail.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] grapefruit juice can increase or decrease the systemic exposure of myriad oral medications, leading to untoward effects or reduced efficacy.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] in spite of known health benefits of grapefruit juice, its consumption in combination with drugs requires caution.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] biomedical evidence in the last 10 years has, however, shown that consumption of grapefruit or its juice is associated with drug interactions, which, in some cases, have been fatal.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] unprocessed grapefruit can cause a drug interaction with felodipine.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] concomitant administration of grapefruit juice can increase the plasma concentration of numerous drugs in humans and decrease the concentration of a few others.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] this review is designed to provide a comprehensive summary of underlying mechanisms of interaction and human clinical trials performed in the area of grapefruit drug interactions and to point out possible replacements for drugs with a high potential for interactions.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] although only a few reports involving severe clinical consequences have been published, they suggest that grapefruit juice should be avoided during drug therapy, especially when the drug has a narrow therapeutic margin or carries a risk of serious dose-dependent adverse effects.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] these alternative drugs may be substituted if a patient experiences or is at risk of a grapefruit-drug interaction.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] however, since the early 1990s, the potential health benefits of grapefruit have been overshadowed by the possible risk of interactions between drugs and grapefruit and grapefruit juice.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] although furanocoumarins in grapefruit juice can interact with certain oral medications, noninteracting medications generally can be substituted.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] prominent medications known to interact with grapefruit include statins, antiarrhythmic agents, immunosuppressive agents, and calcium channel blockers.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] characteristics of oral medications that may interact with grapefruit include extensive metabolism through the intestinal cytochrome p450 3a4 system, low bioavailability, and a narrow therapeutic index.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] grapefruit is a rich source of flavonoids but also contains furanocoumarins, which are known to strongly interact with a variety of medications.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] one of the most prominent food-drug interactions is the inhibition of intestinal cytochrome p450 (cyp) 3a enzymes by grapefruit juice ingredients, and, as many drugs are metabolized via cyp 3a, this interaction can be of clinical importance.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] along with the variable composition of grapefruit juice, this makes it difficult to predict the magnitude and clinical consequences of drug interactions with grapefruit juice in a given patient.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] since the late 1980s, grapefruit juice has been known to affect the metabolism of certain drugs.

Can eating grapefruit in combination with some medications lead to harmful interactions? [SEP] any therapeutic concern for a drug interaction with commercial grapefruit juice should now be extended to include whole fruit and possibly confectioneries made from grapefruit peel. |||

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] previous epidemiological studies have suggested that ingestion of chocolate reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] supported by epidemiological evidence, chocolate has emerged as a possible modulator of cardiovascular risk.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] accumulating evidence suggests potential preventive effects of chocolate/cocoa on the risk of cardio vascular disease (cvd).

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] observational studies have associated reduced cardiovascular mortality with chocolate consumption.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the consumption of chocolate and cocoa has established cardiovascular benefits.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] there is a substantial interest in the potential role of chocolate in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] consumption of chocolate has been often hypothesized to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease (cvd) due to chocolate's high levels of stearic acid and antioxidant flavonoids.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] chocolate has thus been shown to have potential beneficial effects with respect to heart disease.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in conclusion, chocolate intake is associated with decreased risks of chd, stroke, and diabetes.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] however, recent human studies have proven that chocolate has beneficial effects on some pathogenic mechanisms of heart disease such as endothelial function and blood pressure.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] although studies have demonstrated beneficial effects of chocolate on endothelial function, blood pressure, serum lipids, insulin resistance, and platelet function, it is unclear whether chocolate consumption influences the risk of chd.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the body of short-term randomized feeding trials suggests cocoa and chocolate may exert beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk via effects on lowering blood pressure, anti-inflammation, anti-platelet function, higher hdl, decreased ldl oxidation.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] thus, we sought to examine whether chocolate consumption is associated with calcified atherosclerotic plaque in the coronary arteries (cac).

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] recently, several studies have demonstrated the beneficial effects of chocolate, primarily on hypertension and other conditions such as coronary artery disease and hyperlipidemia.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] weekly chocolate intake may be of benefit to arterial stiffness.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] herein, we conducted a meta-analysis of prospective studies to determine the association between chocolate intake and risk of coronary heart disease (chd), stroke, and diabetes.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the present review provides a summary of the ingredients, bioavailability and cardiovascular protective effects of chocolate / cocoa and the published effects of chocolate on a number of cardiovascular diseases.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] meanwhile, the large body of prospective studies of flavonoids suggests the flavonoid content of chocolate may reduce risk of cardiovascular mortality.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in an animal model of atherosclerosis, cocoa powder at a human dose equivalent of two dark chocolate bars per day significantly inhibited atherosclerosis, lowered cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, and triglycerides, raised high-density lipoprotein, and protected the lower density lipoproteins from oxidation.

Can regular consumption of chocolate prevent cardiovascular disease? [SEP] previous studies have shown favorable effects of chocolate products on the cardiovascular system and reported an inverse relationship between chocolate consumption and adverse cardiac events; however, relationships between chocolate eating habits and heart rate variability have not yet been studied. |||

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] the grass of barley is also considered as a part of health drink in many parts of india.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] barley seeds are considered to possess high nutritional value and antioxidant properties.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] <b>introduction and objective.</b> barley (hordeum vulgare l.) is known as a rich source of different bioactive compounds.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] our study demonstrates the antiobesity activity of barley grass juice and it may be concluded that barley grass juice can be an effective nutraceutical in the management of obesity.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] barley (hordeum vulgare) is an important cereal that has many applications; as a human food, in malt products and as livestock feed.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] barley (hordeum vulgare l.) is an important agricultural crop.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] barley grass (bg) is young green barley leaves.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] barley (hordeum vulgare l.) is an important cereal crop and ranks fourth among the total cereals production but very little of this grain is used as human food.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] the health benefits of barley β-glucan and other bioactive compounds have been well documented.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] barley (hordeum vulgare l.) is a cereal crop that has been cultivated since ancient times.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] barley is one of the most important cereals, which is used for breweries, animal and human feeds.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] barley is a major crop worldwide.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] anthocyanin-rich barley can have great potential in promoting human health and in developing nutraceuticals and functional foods.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] <b>conclusions.</b> the obtained results indicate a cancer chemopreventive potential of young barley as a safe dietary agent in colon carcinoma.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] results indicated that barley grass juice (hordeum vulgare l.) exhibited potent in vitro antioxidant activity.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] at present, considerable attention of researchers is focused on young barley grass.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] hordeum vulgare (l.), commonly known as barley belonging to poaceae family is a widely used cereal.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] it is the young grass of the common barley plant hordeum vulgare l. of the family poeaceae (graminae).

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] however, administration of barley grass juice for 60 days, profoundly decreased the bodyweight, bmi, improved lipid profile and liver function markers.

Is barley grass good for health? [SEP] it has been reported that barley seeds have an effect on scavenging ros. |||

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] low-carbohydrate diets may promote greater weight loss than does the conventional low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] the low-carbohydrate diet was more effective for weight loss and cardiovascular risk factor reduction than the low-fat diet.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] low-carbohydrate diets are at least as effective for weight loss as other diets, but claims about increased energy expenditure and preferential loss of body fat are unsubstantiated.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] both low-fat and low-carbohydrate diets have been shown to induce weight loss and reduce obesity-related comorbidities.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] very low carbohydrate freely fed diets containing less than 60 g carbohydrate per day appear more effective at inducing weight loss over 6 months than low-fat kilojoule-controlled diets although long-term compliance to both are equally poor.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] after subsequent weight loss, the changes in all these variables were significantly greater and the reduction in ldl cholesterol was significantly greater with the 54%-carbohydrate diet than with the 26%-carbohydrate diet.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] evidence from randomized controlled trials suggests that low carbohydrate diets may enable short-term weight loss by facilitating reduced energy intakes, however poor dietary compliance may prevent long-term success.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] low-carbohydrate diets have been advocated as an effective method for promoting weight loss in overweight and obese individuals and preventing and treating type 2 diabetes.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] carbohydrate-restricted diets have been used as an alternative for weight loss.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] in this study, premenopausal overweight and obese women assigned to follow the atkins diet, which had the lowest carbohydrate intake, lost more weight at 12 months than women assigned to follow the zone diet, and had experienced comparable or more favorable metabolic effects than those assigned to the zone, ornish, or learn diets [corrected] while questions remain about long-term effects and mechanisms, a low-carbohydrate, high-protein, high-fat diet may be considered a feasible alternative recommendation for weight loss.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] low-carbohydrate diets cause greater short-term (up to 6 months) weight loss than low-fat diets, but the long-term clinical safety and efficacy of these diets has not been studied.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] studies with low-carbohydrate diets demonstrate a rapid weight loss, being more pronounced after 3 and 6 months compared to low-fat diets.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] the probability of greater weight loss associated with low carbohydrate was >99% while the reduction in predicted risk favoring low carbohydrate was >98%.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] summarize the physiological effects of low-carbohydrate diets as they relate to weight loss, glycemic control, and metabolic health.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] low carbohydrate diets, which restrict carbohydrate in favour of increased protein or fat intake, or both, are a popular weight-loss strategy.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] low carbohydrate diets are gaining popularity, however there is no clear consensus regarding their safety and efficacy for weight loss.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] very low-carbohydrate diets are widely used for weight loss yet few controlled studies have determined how these diets impact cardiovascular risk factors compared to more traditional low-fat weight loss diets.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] popular diets, particularly those low in carbohydrates, have challenged current recommendations advising a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet for weight loss.

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] compared with low fat diet, low carbohydrate was associated with significantly greater reduction in weight (δ = -2.0 kg, 95% ci: -3.1, -0.9) and significantly lower predicted risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease events (p<0.03).

Are diets with reduced carbohydrate content better for weight loss than other weight loss programs? [SEP] we evaluated whether an energy-restricted high-protein diet with a low glycemic index and soluble fiber (lc-p-lgi) would be more effective than a low-calorie conventional diet (lc-conv) on weight loss and related metabolic risk factors. |||

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] we undertook a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials to investigate whether probiotic use during pregnancy and early life decreases the incidence of atopic dermatitis and immunoglobulin e (ige)-associated atopic dermatitis in infants and young children.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] maternal probiotic supplementation has been shown to prevent the development of atopic dermatitis in the offspring.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] this meta-analysis provided evidence in support of a moderate role of probiotics in the prevention of atopic dermatitis and ige-associated atopic dermatitis in infants.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] we sought to assess whether consumption of probiotic milk products protects against atopic eczema, rhinoconjunctivitis, and asthma in early childhood in a large population-based pregnancy cohort (the norwegian mother and child cohort study).

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] early treatment of new-born high-risk children with certain probiotic strains has reduced the risk of atopic eczema.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] we examined associations between consumption of probiotic milk products in pregnancy and infancy with questionnaire-reported atopic eczema, rhinoconjunctivitis, and asthma in 40,614 children.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] we investigated whether maternal probiotic supplementation during pregnancy and breast-feeding reduces the risk of developing eczema in high-risk infants.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] we investigated whether supplementation of probiotics prevents the development of eczema in infants at high risk.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] the aim of the present systematic review and meta-analysis was to evaluate the effect of probiotic supplementation during pregnancy and early infancy in preventing atopic diseases.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] probiotics have shown promising potential in reducing the risk of eczema in infants.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] the results of the present meta-analysis show that probiotic supplementation prevents infantile eczema, thus suggesting a new potential indication for probiotic use in pregnancy and infancy.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] the authors systematically reviewed the literature to investigate whether probiotic supplementation prenatally and/or postnatally could reduce the risk of atopy and food hypersensitivity in young children.pubmed, embase, the cochrane central register of controlled trials, and 4 main chinese literature databases (wan fang, vip, china national knowledge infrastructure, and sinomed) were searched for randomized controlled trials regarding the effect of probiotics on the prevention of allergy in children.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] consumption of probiotic milk in pregnancy was associated with a slightly reduced relative risk (rr) of atopic eczema at 6 months (adjusted rr, 0.94; 95% ci, 0.89-0.99) and of rhinoconjunctivitis between 18 and 36 months (adjusted rr, 0.87; 95% ci, 0.78-0.98) compared with no consumption during pregnancy.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] previous reports have suggested that certain probiotics given to mothers and children at risk of atopy halves the incidence of atopic dermatitis (ad) at 2 years of age.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] probiotics may reduce the incidence of ige-associated eczema in infancy.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] meta-analysis demonstrated that probiotic use decreased the incidence of atopic dermatitis (rr = 0.79 [95% ci = 0.71-0.88]).

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] pooled analysis indicated that probiotics administered prenatally and postnatally could reduce the risk of atopy (relative risk [rr] 0.78; 95% confidence interval [ci] 0.66-0.92; i = 0%), especially when administered prenatally to pregnant mother and postnatally to child (rr 0.71; 95% ci 0.57-0.89; i = 0%), and the risk of food hypersensitivity (rr 0.77; 95% ci 0.61-0.98; i = 0%).

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] this study evaluated the effectiveness of prenatal and postnatal probiotics in the prevention of early childhood and maternal allergic diseases.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] probiotics may alleviate and even prevent eczema in infants.

Does taking probiotics during pregnancy and early life protect children from atopic dermatitis? [SEP] in the last years, some studies showed a significant improvement for atopic eczema by the administration of probiotics during pregnancy and postnatally. |||

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee is a commonly consumed beverage with potential health benefits.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee beverages, prepared in a multitude of ways around the world, are increasingly part of our daily lives.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee is a globally consumed beverage with potential health benefits.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee is one of the most popular beverages worldwide and, nowadays, one of the most practical way for its preparation is by prepacked capsules.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] the high production and health properties of coffee make it one of the best among daily drinks.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee is one of the most widely consumed beverages in the world, because of its unique sensory properties and physiological properties.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee is a popular drink; it is one of the most commercialized food products and a rich source of biologically active compounds that are important for human health.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee is a popular beverage throughout the world.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] although considered an unhealthy beverage for decades, coffee is increasingly the headline of medical journals in association with a reduced risk for several diseases.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee is one of the most widely consumed beverages in the world.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee is one of the most popular beverages worldwide.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee is one of the most popular beverages in the world.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee has become a popular beverage worldwide.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee is among the most widespread and healthiest beverages in the world.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee is the most widely consumed beverage in the world, but its effect on the cardiovascular system has not been fully understood.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee, being one of the world's most popular beverages, is a rich source of dietary antioxidants.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee is one of the most popular hot drinks in the world; it may be prepared by several methods, but the most common forms are boiled (brew) and pressurized (espresso).

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffees prepared by simple infusion and aeropress provided a valuable source of magnesium, manganese, chromium, cobalt, and potassium, whereas the drip brew was found to be a good source of silicon.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee is one of the most highly consumed beverages with potential beneficial health implications, however its molecular mechanism of action has not been completely elucidated yet.

Is Bulletproof Coffee recommended? [SEP] coffee is rich in chlorogenic acids (cga), whose metabolites may have beneficial effects such as anti-hypertensive effects. |||

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] epidemiological studies have linked the consumption of apples with reduced risk of some cancers, cardiovascular disease, asthma, and diabetes.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] consumption of apples has been linked to reduced risk of chronic diseases such as cancer and cardiovascular disease.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] epidemiological studies have identified associations between frequent apple consumption and reduced risk of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] the cardioprotective effects of apples are primarily attributed to flavonoids, found predominantly in the skin.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] the consumption of apples could provide health benefits by reducing the risk for chronic diseases such as metabolic syndrome disease, including type 2 diabetes.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] apples, an important contributor to total dietary phenolic intake, are associated with cardiovascular health benefits.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] thus, consuming between 100 and 150 g/day of whole apples is associated with a lower cvd risk and decreases in blood pressure, pulse pressure, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and inflammation status as well as with increases in hdlc and endothelial function.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] these results, support the regular consumption of whole apples as an aid in the prevention of cvd.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] a lower risk of cvd with higher apple consumption could be mediated by the beneficial effect of apple skin on endothelial function, both acutely and chronically.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] in 8 rts, whole-apple consumption reduced total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, systolic blood pressure, pulse pressure, and plasma inflammatory cytokines, and noticeably reduced crp, whereas it increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (hdlc) and improved endothelial function.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] in 8 oss, whole-apple intake was associated with a reduced risk of cvd mortality, ischemic heart disease mortality, stroke mortality, all-cause mortality, and severe abdominal aortic calcification, as well as with lower c-reactive protein (crp) concentrations.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] this information makes an important contribution to understanding the potential health benefits of apples.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] apples play an important role in the american diet.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] apples are among the most frequently consumed fruits and a rich source of polyphenols and fiber.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] apple fruits are favored by consumers because of their antioxidative, anti-inflammatory, and antitumor effects as well as their protective effects against cardiovascular diseases and other health benefits.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] increasing evidence from in vitro, in vivo, and epidemiologic studies suggest that flavonoids found in apples may be protective against cancer, heart disease, and other chronic diseases.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] apples contain significant amounts of flavonoids that are potentially cancer risk reducing by acting antioxidative or antiproliferative and by favorably modulating gene expression.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] apples are one of the largest contributors of fruit phenolics of all fruits consumed by americans and contain a variety of bioactive compounds, which have health benefits.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] several studies suggested that apple polyphenols could play a role in prevention of degenarative diseases.

Do apples help with smoking cessation? [SEP] the well-known health benefits of apples have been attributed in part to the presence of polyphenols and related antioxidant capacity. |||

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] the repeated administration of a fenugreek seed extract slightly but significantly decreased dietary fat consumption in healthy overweight subjects in this short-term study.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] daily fat consumption was significantly decreased by the higher dose of fenugreek seed extract [3.73 vs. 4.51 mj day(-1), -17.3% vs. placebo, 95% confidence interval (ci) -1.51 to -0.05, n = 12, p = 0.038].

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] the repeated administration of a fenugreek seed extract specifically decreases dietary fat consumption in humans which, given the traditional use of the plant, constitutes a novel result.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] daily fat consumption, expressed as the ratio fat reported energy intake/total energy expenditure (fat-rei/tee), was significantly decreased in our overweight subjects administered the fenugreek seed extract relative to those receiving the placebo (fat-rei/tee 0.26 +/- 0.02 vs. 0.30 +/- 0.01, respectively; p = 0.032).

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] the present study was designed to investigate the effects of fenugreek seeds on adipogenesis and lipolysis.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] the aim of our study was to investigate the effects of a repeated administration of a fenugreek seed extract on the eating behaviour of overweight subjects.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] we also observed a significant decrease in the insulin/glucose ratio in subjects treated with fenugreek seed extract relative to the placebo group (0.89 +/- 0.09 vs. 1.06 +/- 0.10 mui mmol(-1), respectively; p = 0.044).

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate the effects of a repeated administration of a fenugreek seed extract on energy intake and eating behaviour in healthy human volunteers.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] these observations show that fenugreek seeds possess antiulcer potential.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] several investigations have suggested that fenugreek seeds may have a hypocholesterolemic activity, and thus be efficient in the treatment of egg yolk cholesterol.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] the results show that chronic oral administration of the fenugreek extract significantly increases food intake and the motivation to eat.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] fenugreek seeds (trigonella foenum-graecum l.) have long been used as a herbal medicine for treating metabolic and nutritive dysfunctions.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] fenugreek seeds (trigonella foenum-graecum l.) are an old herbal remedy used to treat metabolic and nutritive dysfunctions.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] since antioxidant properties have been linked to health benefits of natural products, such properties were studied in germinated fenugreek seeds which are considered to be more beneficial than dried seeds.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] in conclusion, chronic administration of a fenugreek seed extract enhances food consumption and motivation to eat in rats and also induces hyperinsulinemia as well as hypocholesterolemia.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] therefore, germinated fenugreek seeds possess better pharmacological activities.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] this study reveals significant antioxidant activity in germinated fenugreek seeds which may be due partly to the presence of flavonoids and polyphenols.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] fenugreek seeds have been used in traditional medicines as a remedy for diabetes.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] fenugreek (trigonella foenum-graecum) seeds, used as a condiment, are documented for health benefits including amelioration of abnormalities in lipid homeostasis due to its hypolipidemic properties.

Do products made from fenugreek seeds help you lose weight? [SEP] germinated fenugreek seeds are relatively rich in flavonoids and polyphenols than dry seeds. |||

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] in conclusion, skipping breakfast is associated with the increased risk of heart disease.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] in a nationally representative cohort with 17 to 23 years of follow-up, skipping breakfast was associated with a significantly increased risk of mortality from cardiovascular disease.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] the authors sought to examine the association of skipping breakfast with cardiovascular and all-cause mortality.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] skipping breakfast has been associated with a higher risk of obesity and cardiovascular (cv) risk factors.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] limited evidence suggests that skipping breakfast is associated with atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] our findings showed that skipping breakfast is associated with increasing risk of mortality from circulatory diseases and all causes among men and all causes mortality among women in japan.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] we examined the available evidence regarding the effect of skipping breakfast on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, as well as all-cause mortality.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] skipping breakfast is associated with an increased odds of prevalent noncoronary and generalized atherosclerosis independently of the presence of conventional cv risk factors.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] to determine whether skipping breakfast is associated with heart disease, the first meta-analysis of currently available epidemiological studies was performed.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] skipping breakfast was associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in adolescence.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] the present study estimated the prevalence of skipping breakfast and its association with cardiometabolic risk factors.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] after adjusting for confounding factors, skipping breakfast significantly increased the risk of mortality from circulatory diseases [hazard ratio (hr) = 1.42] and all causes (hr = 1.43) in men and all causes mortality (hr = 1.34) in women.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] the primary meta-analysis combining hrs for q1 (first quartile, most skipping breakfast) versus q4 (fourth quartile, least skipping breakfast) from 3 studies together with other hrs/ors demonstrated that skipping breakfast was associated with the significantly increased risk of heart disease (pooled hr/or 1.24; 95% ci 1.09 to 1.40; p = 0.001).

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] several studies have associated skipping (not having) breakfast with cardiometabolic risk factors such as obesity, high blood pressure, unfavorable lipid profiles, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] skipping breakfast is considered a frequent and unhealthy habit associated with an increased cardiovascular (cv) risk.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] independent of the presence of traditional and dietary cv risk factors, and compared with high-energy breakfast, habitual skipping breakfast was associated with a higher prevalence of noncoronary (odds ratio: 1.55; 95% confidence interval: 0.97 to 2.46) and generalized (odds ratio: 2.57; 95% confidence interval: 1.54 to 4.31) atherosclerosis.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] the pooled data suggested that people who regularly skipped breakfast were about 21% more likely (hazard ratio (hr) 1.21, 95% confidence interval (ci) 1.08-1.35; i2 = 17.3%, p = 0.304) to experience incident cvd or die from it than people who regularly consumed breakfast.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] this meta-analysis provides evidence that breakfast skipping is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes, and the association is partly mediated by bmi.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] medline, embase, and web of science were searched from inception until may 2019 to identify prospective cohort studies that examined the association between skipping breakfast and the risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality and all-cause death.

Does skipping breakfast increase heart attack risk? [SEP] breakfast skipping may lead to up-regulation of appetite, possibly leading to weight gain over time and deleterious changes in risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease. |||

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] the role of wheat in our diet, however, has recently been scrutinized by pseudoscientific books and media reports promoting the overall impression that wheat consumption makes people sick, stupid, fat, and addicted.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] the ingestion of wheat and other cereals are related to several gut disorders.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] while it is well documented and widely appreciated that ingestion of wheat (and less so rye and barley) is associated with gastrointestinal symptoms such as bloating or abdominal pain, the component of wheat to which such an effect is attributed is less well established.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] owing to its extensive use in the human diet, wheat is among the most common causes of food-related allergies and intolerances.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] wheat, once thought to be a critical ingredient in a healthy diet, has become a major threat, according to public opinion.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] wheat is a staple food throughout the temperate world and an important source of nutrients for many millions of people.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] this relates to two concerns: that wheat products are disproportionally responsible for increases in obesity and type 2 diabetes and that wheat gluten proteins cause a range of adverse reactions, including allergies, coeliac disease and 'non-coeliac gluten sensitivity'.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] wheat is one of the most important crops in the world in terms of human nutrition.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] wheat is one of the world's most widely consumed staple food.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] however, it is unclear whether these wheat-related disorders lead to adverse health effects such as cardiovascular risk, nutritional deficiencies etc.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] wheat is a major cereal crop providing energy and nutrients to the billions of people around the world.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] the objective of the study was to explore the lipid profiles and the nutritional status of subjects with wheat-related disorders to understand the potential threat of wheat on cardiovascular risk and nutritional deficiency.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] based on all available scientific knowledge, wheat consumption is safe and healthy for the vast majority of people.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] wheat-related disorders, a spectrum of conditions induced by the ingestion of gluten-containing cereals, have been increasing in prevalence.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] with regards to health, some individuals exhibit wheat-related disorders such as food allergy to wheat (faw).

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] hence, our results showcase a significant association of wheat-related disorders to cardiovascular risk.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] many patients suspect wheat as being a major trigger of their irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) symptoms.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] however, the last few years have seen increasing concerns about adverse effects of wheat on health, particularly in north america and europe, with the increasing adoption of wheat-free or gluten-free diets.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] in fact, the opposite may occur as wheat is an important source of protein, b vitamins, minerals and bioactive components.

Does wheat make you fat and sick? [SEP] nutrition, especially wheat consumption, is a major factor involved in the onset of type 1 diabetes (t1d) and other autoimmune diseases such as celiac. |||

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] although breakfast cereals are a major source of whole and refined grains, little is known about their direct association with the risk of premature mortality.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] although whole-grain consumption has been associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular diseases (cvd) and mortality in the general population, the association of whole grain with mortality in diabetic patients remains to be determined.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] after adjustment for age, the highest versus the lowest fifths of intakes of whole grain, cereal fiber, bran, and germ were associated with 16% to 31% lower all-cause mortality.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] both total mortality and cvd-specific mortality were inversely associated with whole-grain but not refined-grain breakfast cereal intake.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] whole grains are important dietary constituents as they provide a plethora of nutrients and protective chemicals that may have synergistic actions in promoting health.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] we prospectively evaluated the association between whole- and refined-grain breakfast cereal intakes and total and cvd-specific mortality in a cohort of us men.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] whole-grain intake has been reported to be associated with a lower risk of several lifestyle-related diseases such as type 2 diabetes, cvd and some types of cancers.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] regular consumption of whole grain foods has been associated with a reduction in the incidence of cardiovascular disease and diabetes, reductions in cancer mortality at certain sites and an overall reduction in premature death.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] these findings suggest a potential benefit of whole-grain intake in reducing mortality and cardiovascular risk in diabetic patients.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] compared with men who rarely or never consumed whole-grain cereal, men in the highest category of whole-grain cereal intake (> or = 1 serving/d) had multivariate-estimated relative risks of total and cvd-specific mortality of 0.83 (95% ci: 0.73, 0.94; p for trend < 0.001) and 0.80 (0.66, 0.97; p for trend < 0.001), respectively.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] epidemiological evidence supports that a diet high in whole grains is associated with lowered risk of chronic diseases included coronary heart disease, obesity, type 2 diabetes, and some types of cancer.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] increasing evidence shows that grains may play a role in disease prevention beyond the simple provision of energy and nutrients.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] epidemiological studies have shown that consumption of whole grains and grain-based products is associated with reduced risk of chronic diseases.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] higher intake of whole grain was associated with significantly decreased leucocyte counts.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] this study investigated whole grain and its components cereal fiber, bran, and germ in relation to all-cause and cvd-specific mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] whole-grain breakfast cereal intake was inversely associated with total and cvd-specific mortality, independent of age; body mass index; smoking; alcohol intake; physical activity; history of diabetes, hypertension, or high cholesterol; and use of multivitamins.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] population studies have shown a positive correlation between diets rich in whole grains and a reduced risk of developing metabolic diseases, like diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and certain cancers.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] whole-grain and bran intakes were associated with reduced all-cause and cvd-specific mortality in women with diabetes mellitus.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] whole-grain (wg) intake has been associated with a lowered risk of developing type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and some cancers in epidemiological studies.

Do whole grains lower the likelihood of dying early? [SEP] whole grain consumption has been associated with reduced risk of chronic diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases and cancer. |||

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] a commonly held public belief is that cow's milk products increase mucus production and respiratory symptoms.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] excessive milk consumption has a long association with increased respiratory tract mucus production and asthma.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] dairy working increases the prevalence of lower airway respiratory diseases, especially copd and asthma.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] the aim of this review is to critically appraise the association between intake of dairy foods and risk of t2d.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] the aim of this study was to examine the association between dairy consumption and mets and its components.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] to determine whether cow's milk allergy (cma) in infancy is associated with recurrent otitis media (rom) or other chronic ear infections, we conducted a cohort study by enrolling 56 milk-allergic and 204 control schoolchildren.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] our objective was to investigate whether a single exposure to cow's milk is associated with respiratory symptoms and changes in pulmonary functions in asthmatic and non-asthmatic children.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] the consumption of dairy products may influence the risk of cardiovascular disease (cvd) and total mortality, but conflicting findings have been reported.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] a single exposure to cow's milk is not associated with symptoms, bronchial inflammation, or bronchial constriction in both non-asthmatic and asthmatic children.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] we found that there was no strong evidence that high levels of dairy consumption are associated with risk of tc, conflicting evidence of a dose-response relationship, inconsistent evidence on whether certain types of dairy are more strongly associated with tc than others, and conflicting evidence that exposure during certain life-course periods affects tc risk more than other periods.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] although most of the existing evidence suggests a beneficial role of dairy consumption on risk of t2d, only low-fat dairy foods and yogurt have shown a significant and consistent role, while other dairy products showed no association with prevention of t2d.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] the totality of available scientific evidence supports that intake of milk and dairy products contribute to meet nutrient recommendations, and may protect against the most prevalent chronic diseases, whereas very few adverse effects have been reported.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] there is no consistent evidence to support the premise that dairy product consumption is associated with the risk of tc development.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] a greater dairy consumption is associated with a lower prevalence of mets, with calcium probably being the nutrient responsible for this association.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] mastitis is one of the most prevalent diseases in dairy farming worldwide.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] our findings do not support the strict elimination of dairy products from a child's diet for the prevention of respiratory symptoms.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] in this systematic review, we aimed to answer whether tc development is associated with (a) high amounts of dairy product consumption, (b) the type of dairy product consumed, (c) increasing levels of dairy product consumption, and (d) dairy consumption during certain periods during the lifecourse.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] current evidence suggests null or weak inverse association between consumption of dairy products and risk of cardiovascular disease.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] milk-associated cla was not capable of preventing murine allergic airway inflammation in an animal model of ova-induced allergic airway inflammation.

Does the consumption of dairy products promote mucus and diseases of the ear, nose and throat? [SEP] a greater dairy consumption was associated with a lower prevalence of mets according to both idf (or, 0.61; 95% confidence interval [ci], 0.38-0.97) and jis (or, 0.62; 95% ci, 0.39-0.98) criteria when the last quintile was compared with the first. |||

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] higher doses and consumption of energy drinks leads to cardiovascular effects and potential consequences.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] despite the growing popularity of energy drinks, many do not realize the negative effects on the cardiovascular system.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] energy drink consumption has been anecdotally linked with sudden cardiac death and, more recently, myocardial infarction.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] energy drink consumption has been anecdotally linked to the development of adverse cardiovascular effects in consumers, although clinical trials to support this link are lacking.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] cardiovascular events associated with energy drink consumption have been reported, but few data exist to delineate the hemodynamic effects of energy drinks.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] conclusion regular consumption of energy drinks could contribute to dental erosion and the development of obesity.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] given a rapidly expanding energy drink market, future dietary interventions among college youth may want to consider the implications of energy drinks, as results of this study suggest consumption of these beverages is associated with unhealthy dietary behaviours and a greater bmi.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] energy drink consumption has been associated with a variety of health risk behaviours, yet little research has explored the relationship between energy drinks and dietary behaviours of emerging adults.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] caffeine-containing energy drinks have emerged as a public health concern due to their association with caffeine toxicity and alcohol use.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] although more studies examine the effects of highly carbonated and caffeinated products, research determining the health effects of energy drinks is also important.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] this study provides a comprehensive review of the impact of caffeinated beverages on cardiac rhythm.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] we evaluated the effects of acute energy drink consumption on systolic and diastolic blood pressure (sbp and dbp) and heart rate (hr).

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] prospective clinical studies assessing the effects of commercially available energy drinks on bp and hr were included.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] energy drinks have become very popular, yet they present health concerns and workplace safety issues related to mental and physical effects of the drinks, which are mainly related to the central nervous system and include heightened alertness, altered sleep patterns, arrhythmias and, rarely, seizures.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] energy drink consumption acutely increases platelet aggregation and decreases endothelial function in healthy young adults.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] to examine the consequences and health risks of energy drink consumption, related studies were reviewed.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] mean arterial pressure significantly increased following energy drink consumption, compared with control (p <.05).

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to assess the effects of 10 weeks of once-daily energy drink consumption or energy drink consumption with exercise on measures of body composition, cardiorespiratory fitness, strength, mood, and safety in previously sedentary males.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] energy drink consumption has caused worldwide concern in the scientific community and the general public regarding the health effects of these products.

Does regular consumption of energy drinks harm heart health? [SEP] as myocardial infarction is strongly associated with both platelet and endothelial dysfunction, we tested the hypothesis that energy drink consumption alters platelet and endothelial function. |||

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] however, some epidemiological studies have linked the higher consumption of low-calorie beverages with increased body weight gain.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] the consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages is associated with increased incidence of overweight and obesity, and a factor underlying this putative link could be the relatively low levels of satiety that may be induced by these beverages.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] consumption of high-energy beverages has been implicated as a risk factor for weight gain, yet why nutrients ingested as beverages fail to generate adequate satiety remains unclear.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] it has been suggested that the effects of alcohol on body weight and fat distribution may be influenced by the quantity and type of drink and may differ according to whether the alcohol is consumed with meals or not.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] the experimental metabolic evidence suggests that the consumption of moderate amounts of alcohol has to be accounted for in the energy-balance equation and may represent a risk factor for the development of a positive energy balance and thus weight gain.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] although a matter of debate, this paradoxical association between low-calorie beverages and weight gain has been attributed to their effect on the enteral-brain axis.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] failure to reduce food intake in response to energy from alcohol makes moderate alcohol consumption a risk factor for obesity.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] the consumption of low-calorie beverages reduces the calories from that drink, but compensatory phenomena may increase energy intake, and if so must be recognized and avoided.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] the present research investigated the effect of priming hedonic eating motivations on ad libitum energy intake in frequent and non-consumers of lcs beverages.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] among drinkers, a positive association was seen between alcohol intake and the adiposity variables irrespective of whether the alcohol was drunk with or separately from meals.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] more specifically, artificial sweeteners present in low-calorie beverages could induce appetite increase, probably due to an ambiguous psychobiological signal (uncoupling sweet taste from calorie intake) that confounds the appetite's regulatory mechanisms, promoting overeating and, ultimately, leading to weight gain.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] despite its comparatively high energy content of 7.1 g/kcal, it is still controversial whether moderate amounts of alcohol represent a risk factor for weight gain and obesity.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] moderate amounts of alcohol enhance energy intake due to the caloric content of the alcohol as well as its appetite-enhancing effects.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] consumption of an energy drink containing 6% alcohol by volume negatively influenced performance on a global measure of cognitive functioning.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] compared with the beverage with low carbonation, consumption of the beverages with medium and high carbonation led to significantly (p < 0.05) higher satiety until lunch, when intakes of food and energy were significantly (p < 0.05) lower.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] the consumption of low-calorie beverages has increased worldwide, mainly because of their combination of sweet taste without adding significant calories to the diet.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] men who consumed > or = 21 units/week showed higher levels of central adiposity (whr, wc) and general adiposity (bmi, %bf) than nondrinkers and lighter drinkers, irrespective of the predominant type of drink consumed (wine, beer, spirits or mixed).

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] energy drinks represent an emerging health problem among young people.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] it was hypothesised that energy intake would be greater after the hedonic eating prime relative to a control prime in non-consumers, but that frequent lcs beverage consumers would be protected from this effect.

Do light drinks promote obesity? [SEP] consumption of the 2 high energy preload drinks ('alcohol', 0.91 mj; 'cho', 0.72 mj) did not result in a compensatory decrease in the amount of energy subsequently eaten (ad lib intake: 'alcohol' = 2.62 mj, 0.32 sem; 'no alcohol' = 2.98 mj, 0.28 sem; 'cho' = 2.93 mj, 0.21 sem; 'water' = 2.82 mj, 0.25 sem), suggesting either no physiological recognition or no regulation of energy consumed within a drink in quantities of less than 1 mj. |||

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] many epidemiological studies in this literature review have shown coffee to reduce the risk of developing dementia, stroke, and alzheimer's disease.

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] several epidemiological and preclinical studies supported the protective effect of coffee on alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] coffee consumption has been frequently reported for its protective association with incident dementia.

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] the findings suggest that higher lifetime coffee intake may contribute to lowering the risk of ad or related cognitive decline by reducing pathological cerebral amyloid deposition.

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] epidemiological studies have shown that coffee consumption may be associated with a lower risk of developing several neurological disorders, including alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] coffee drinking is associated with many sociodemographic and health variables, but our results do not support an independent role of coffee in the pathogenesis of cognitive decline and dementia.

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] coffee consumption is also associated with reduced risk for alzheimer's disease and non-alzheimer's dementias.

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] numerous studies suggest that higher coffee consumption may reduce the rate of aging-related cognitive decline in women.

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] epidemiological studies have found that habitual coffee consumption may reduce the risk of alzheimer's disease.

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] coffee and its components have several neuroprotective properties that lower the risk of cognitive decline and other neurodegenerative diseases.

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] studying the long-term effect of coffee consumption on dementia with stratified follow-up time may help resolve this issue.

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] recent results from prospective cohort studies have shown that moderate coffee consumption is associated with a reduced risk for diabetes mellitus type ii or alzheimer's disease.

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] coffee consumption has been correlated with a decreased risk of developing alzheimer's disease (ad) and parkinson's disease (pd), but the mechanism by which coffee may provide neuroprotection in humans is not fully understood.

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] there is accumulating evidence that coffee consumption may reduce risk for type 2 diabetes, a known risk factor for alzheimer's and other neurological diseases.

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] it has been suggested that coffee has a protective effect on cognitive performance in old age, but only some of the previous studies have shown this association.

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] we hypothesized that compounds found in brewed coffee may elicit neuroprotective effects by inhibiting the aggregation of amyloid-beta (aβ) and tau (ad) or α-synuclein (pd).

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] hence, this study aims to investigate relationships between coffee intake and in vivo ad pathologies, including cerebral beta-amyloid (aβ) deposition, the neurodegeneration of ad-signature regions, and cerebral white matter hyperintensities (wmh).

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] immunohistochemical analysis revealed that chronic treatment with coffee polyphenols prevented cognitive dysfunction and significantly reduced the amount of amyloid β (aβ) plaques in the hippocampus.

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] our data suggest that coffee consumption is not associated with incident dementia during long-term.

Does coffee reduce the risk of dementia? [SEP] in conclusion, our results demonstrate that coffee polyphenols prevent cognitive deficits and reduce aβ plaque deposition via disaggregation of aβ in the app/ps2 mouse. |||

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] while experimental and observational studies suggest that sugar intake is associated with the development of type 2 diabetes, independent of its role in obesity, it is unclear whether alterations in sugar intake can account for differences in diabetes prevalence among overall populations.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] excessive sugar intake is now recognized as a key risk factor for obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] to investigate prospectively whether intake of total or type of sugar is associated with the risk of developing type 2 diabetes.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] the intake of sugar-sweetened soft drinks has been reported to be associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes, but it is unclear whether this is because of the sugar content or related lifestyle factors, whether similar associations hold for artificially sweetened soft drinks, and how these associations are related to bmi.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] it has been proposed that simple sugar consumption is one of the major risk factors in the development of diabetes.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] our objective was to examine the association between consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages, weight gain, and incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus in african american women.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] dietary added sugars are associated with a greater risk for t2d; however, it is unclear if added sugars influence t2d risk directly or if their effects are mediated by excess caloric intake and weight gain.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] regular consumption of sugar-sweetened soft drinks and fruit drinks is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in african american women.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] duration and degree of sugar exposure correlated significantly with diabetes prevalence in a dose-dependent manner, while declines in sugar exposure correlated with significant subsequent declines in diabetes rates independently of other socioeconomic, dietary and obesity prevalence changes.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] type 2 diabetes increases the risk of cardiovascular disease two- to fourfold compared to the risk in nondiabetic subjects.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] using econometric models of repeated cross-sectional data on diabetes and nutritional components of food from 175 countries, we found that every 150 kcal/person/day increase in sugar availability (about one can of soda/day) was associated with increased diabetes prevalence by 1.1% (p <0.001) after testing for potential selection biases and controlling for other food types (including fibers, meats, fruits, oils, cereals), total calories, overweight and obesity, period-effects, and several socioeconomic variables such as aging, urbanization and income.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus was higher with higher intake of both sugar-sweetened soft drinks and fruit drinks.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] the relationship between obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus is so closely related that it is worth questioning the possibility of obesity being more than just one diabetes risk factor among others but a factor which participates causally to the development of type 2 diabetes on a genetic background.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] increased sugar consumption may adversely affect glycemic control in patients with diabetes.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] background: higher sugar consumption may increase cancer risk by promoting insulin-glucose dysregulation, oxidative stress, hormonal imbalances, and excess adiposity.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] moderate consumption of sucrose-sweetened beverages does not further increase the prevalence of hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetic subjects or in normoglycemic lean or obese men.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] most patients with type 2 diabetes suffer from obesity and diabetes-related complications, including cardiovascular disease and hepatic steatosis.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] hyperglycemia forms a direct and independent risk factor for the development of cardiovascular comorbidities in type 2 diabetes.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] experimental data suggest that sugars could play a role in cancer etiology through obesity but also through inflammatory and oxidative mechanisms and insulin resistance, even in the absence of weight gain.

Does sugar consumption increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes regardless of obesity? [SEP] the included studies were observational, so their results should be interpreted cautiously, but findings indicate a positive association between sugar-sweetened soft drink intake and type 2 diabetes risk, attenuated by adjustment for bmi. |||

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in the light of the proposal that dietary salt intake should be reduced as a community health care measure designed to lower blood pressure and consequently mortality and morbidity from stroke and heart disease, the evidence that there is a link between salt intake and blood pressure is reviewed.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] current epidemiology indicates that lower-salt diets tend to reduce coronary risk quite markedly in obese subjects, whereas the impact of such diets on leaner subjects (who are less likely to be salt sensitive) is equivocal--seemingly consistent with the possibility that salt restriction can exert countervailing effects on vascular health.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] a reduction in salt intake lowers blood pressure.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] we conducted a prospective cohort study to investigate whether an intensive low-salt diet education program effectively attenuated the rate of renal function decline in hypertensive patients with ckd.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] dietary salt restriction lowers blood pressure and has been advocated as a population-based strategy to reduce the cardiovascular morbidity associated with hypertension.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] this cohort study demonstrated that an intensive low-salt diet education program attenuated the rate of renal function decline in hypertensive ckd patients independent of its effect on lowering salt intake or albuminuria during the 36 months of follow-up.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] low-salt diets have potential for prevention and treatment of hypertension, and may also reduce risk for stroke, left ventricular hypertrophy, osteoporosis, renal stones, asthma, cataract, gastric pathology, and possibly even senile dementia.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] a reduction in dietary sodium not only decreases the blood pressure and the incidence of hypertension, but is also associated with a reduction in morbidity and mortality from cardiovascular diseases.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] these results demonstrate that a modest reduction in salt intake, approximately the amount of the current public health recommendations, causes significant falls in blood pressure in all 3 ethnic groups.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] one of the controversies in preventive medicine is, whether a general reduction in sodium intake can decrease the blood pressure of a population and thereby reduce cardiovascular mortality and morbidity.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] one of the controversies in preventive medicine is, whether a general reduction in sodium intake can decrease the blood pressure of a population and thereby reduce cardiovascular mortality and morbidity.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] with this reduction in salt intake, there was a significant decrease in blood pressure from 146+/-13/91+/-8 to 141+/-12/88+/-9 mm hg (p<0.001), urinary albumin from 10.2 (iqr: 6.8 to 18.9) to 9.1 (6.6 to 14.0) mg/24 hours (p<0.001), albumin/creatinine ratio from 0.81 (0.47 to 1.43) to 0.66 (0.44 to 1.22) mg/mmol (p<0.001), and carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity from 11.5+/-2.3 to 11.1+/-1.9 m/s (p<0.01).

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] salt reduction may also reduce other cardiovascular risk factors (eg, urinary albumin excretion, arterial stiffness).

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the incidence rate of cvd was reduced for those who reduced their sodium intake and were randomly assigned to meddiet interventions [4.1/10,000 (95% ci: 3.1, 8.0) compared with 4.4/10,000 (95% ci: 2.7, 12.4) person-years; p = 0.002].

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in chronic kidney disease (ckd) patients, observational and recent interventional studies investigating the relationship between sodium intake and renal outcomes suggest that low salt diet is warranted in this high risk category of patients.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] a low sodium diet is an established intervention in the treatment of impaired renal function and hypertension which may modulate cardiovascular risk independent of recognised antihypertensive effects.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] prolonged modest reduction in salt intake induces a relevant fall in blood pressure in both hypertensive and normotensive individuals, irrespective of sex and ethnic group, with larger falls in systolic blood pressure for larger reductions in dietary salt.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] further clinical studies should determine whether a moderately salt-restricted diet supplemented with organic sodium salts has a better and more uniform impact on hypertension than salt restriction alone, while rodent studies should examine the comparative impact of these regimens on rodents prone to vascular disease.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] we conclude that short-term, moderate dietary salt restriction does not adversely affect insulin sensitivity or levels of atherogenic lipids in normotensive nonobese men.

Does a lower salt diet reduce the likelihood of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] however, the effect of lowering salt intake on metabolic vascular risk factors such as insulin resistance and levels of atherogenic lipids and fasting insulin is uncertain. |||

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] recent literature suggests that individuals may consume less food when this is served on red plates.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] the average total energy intake with red (1102.16 ± 47.12 kcal, p = 0.05) and black plates (1113.19 ± 47.12 kcal, p = 0.034) was significantly increased when compared to that with white plates (945.72 ± 47.12 kcal).

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] plate colour may be a crucial determinant of energy intake.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] results confirmed that red plates reduce taste-related consumption and extended this effect to the touch-related consumption of moisturizing cream.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] plate colour was previously shown to alter the amount of food consumption due to its environmental effect on food intake.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] in light of this finding, the main objective of this study was to determine whether food consumption during an open buffet meal was different when using same-sized white, red or black plates.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] the results showed that plate colour exerted a significant effect on food intake during the test days (p = 0.021).

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] does the size of a plate influence the serving of all items equally, or does it influence the serving of some foods - such as meat versus vegetables - differently?

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] this study revealed some potential moderators for the plate-size-effect, such as the type of dish, and its associated appeal and familiarity, and provided useful indications about the effectiveness of small plates for food reduction.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] suggesting that the effect was not due to a decrease in the consciously experienced appeal of products on red plates, overall appreciation of the foods or cream did not differ according to plate color.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] although the origin of the intriguing effect of the color red on consumption remains unclear, our results may prove useful to future potential explanations.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] therefore, the aim of this study was to examine whether or not three different sizes of plates influence energy intake during a multi-itemed buffet meal in normal weight women.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] the total drawn meal area was 37% bigger on large plates than small plates, which showed that the portion of plate coverage did not differ by plate size.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] smaller plates are often recommended as a strategy for controlling energy intake; however, the effect of plate size on meal energy intake in normal weight compared to overweight or obese individuals is not known.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] food appears larger if plated on smaller dishes than larger dishes and liquid volumes appear larger in taller cups than shorter cups.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] to examine this question, we used the new method of plate mapping, where people drew a meal on a paper plate to examine sensitivity to small versus large three-compartment divided plates in portion size and meal composition in a sample of 109 university students.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] implications for decreasing portion size and improving meal balance are that plate size may influence portion size and change the proportions of foods served.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] the study assessed the effect of plate size amongst normal-weight (n = 124) and overweight (n = 79) new zealand europeans.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] research has shown that 1) the slower a food is eaten the less food is consumed overall, and 2) context affects portion selection.

Is less eaten from red plates? [SEP] research has shown that people consume more food when offered larger portions, and that reducing exposure to large food portions and packages could decrease the average daily energy consumed. |||

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] levels of anti-oxidant polyphenols are higher in red than in white wine and are thought to contribute to the reduced cardiovascular risk associated with moderate consumption of wine observed in epidemiological studies.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] our findings indicate that components specific to red wine may help to prevent coronary heart disease.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] red wine consumption is associated with reduced cardiovascular disease mortality.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] a number of lines of evidence suggest that red wine may be more effective than other alcoholic beverages in decreasing the risk of coronary heart disease (chd) mortality.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] the consumption of red wine has been reported to impart a greater benefit in the prevention of coronary heart disease than the consumption of other alcoholic beverages.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] a number of studies suggest that moderate consumption of red wine may be more effective than other alcoholic beverages in decreasing the risk of coronary heart disease mortality.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] to test the hypothesis that red wine, by virtue of its relatively high concentration of polyphenols, is more protective against atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease (chd) than white wine, and that grape juice enriched in one of these, trans-resveratrol, may share some of these properties, studies were performed on 24 healthy males aged 26-45 years.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] moderate consumption of red wine is associated with a lower incidence of cardiovascular disease.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] low to moderate consumption of red wine reportedly has a relatively greater benefit than other alcoholic beverages in the prevention of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease (chd).

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] the role of red wine in cardiovascular risk prevention has been documented by several epidemiological studies in patients and normocholesterolemic healthy individuals.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] regular, moderate consumption of red wine is linked to a reduced risk of coronary heart disease and to lower overall mortality, but the relative contribution of wine's alcohol and polyphenol components to these effects is unclear.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] because all types of red wine contain varying amounts of alcohol and antioxidants, it is likely that the cardioprotective effect of red wine is due to both these constituents.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] moderate red wine has been shown to reduce cardiovascular disease (cvd) risk, however the effects on certain cvd risk factors are unclear.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] moderate consumption of red wine has been widely associated with reduced cardiovascular risk, mainly due to its composition in phenolic compounds with antioxidant activity, such as resveratrol.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] to compare the acute effects of acute ingestion of white and red wine on endothelial function in subjects with coronary artery disease (cad).

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] the antioxidant components of red wine may provide cardioprotection by their ability to reduce oxidative stress in the heart under different pathological conditions.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] although moderate drinking of any alcohol helps to reduce the incidence of coronary heart disease, there is no clear evidence that red wine confers an additional benefit.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] both epidemiological and experimental studies have revealed that intake of wine, particularly red wine, in moderation protects cardiovascular health; however, the experimental basis for such an action is not fully understood.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] low or moderate consumption of red wine has a greater benefit than the consumption of other beverages in the prevention of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease and this is increasingly attributed to the polyphenol compounds in red wine, such as resveratrol.

Does red wine protect better against cardiovascular disease than white wine? [SEP] international comparison data suggest that wine may be more protective against coronary artery disease than beer or liquor. |||

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] the consumption of artificial food dye (afd) during childhood and adolescence has been linked to behavioural changes, such as hyperactivity.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] artificial food colorants have been suggested to affect children's behavior, being hyperactivity the most common disorder.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] we seek to assess whether artificial food colorings (afcs) contribute to the behavioral symptomatology of hyperactive syndromes.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] this review examines the research on mechanisms by which artificial food colors (afcs) and common foods may cause behavioral changes in children with and without attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd).

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] (1) a hypothesis has been proposed that artificial food colourings have a role in exacerbating hyperactive behavior in children; (2) a placebo-controlled, double-blind, crossover clinical study in 297 children representative of the general population showed higher hyperactivity scores during the periods when they were ingesting food colourings; (3) a meta-analysis of 15 double-blind clinical trials that evaluated artificial food colouring in children already considered to be hyperactive showed an increase in their hyperactive behavior; (4) in practice, even though the mechanism underlying this phenomenon has not be elucidated, these data suggest that it is best to avoid exposing children to artificial food coloring.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] consumption of fd&c dyes has been associated with neurobehavioral behavior in some children.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] the proposition that synthetic food colors can induce adverse behavioral effects in children was first enunciated in 1975 by feingold [why your child is hyperactive.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] artificial food colourings and additives (afcas) have long been discussed to have adverse effects on cognition and behaviour in children.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] the question of the possible role of food additives, and specifically food colours, in elevating hyperactive behaviour in children has been long debated.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] in this study, our aim was to assess the probable side effects of prenatal exposure to colouring food additives on neurobehaviour and spatial learning process.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] it has been proposed that developmental exposure to pesticides contributes to increasing prevalence of neurodevelopmental disorders in children, such as attention deficit with hyperactivity (adhd) and to alterations in coordination skills.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] due to the high amount of artificial food colorants present in infants' diets, their adverse effects have been of major concern among the literature.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] new york:random house (1975)], who asserted that elevated sensitivity to food additives underlies the signs of hyperactivity observed in some children.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] the available evidence supports the hypothesis that pesticide exposure at levels that do not cause acute toxicity may be among the multifactorial causes of adhd and asd, though further study is needed, especially for some of the newer pesticides.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] food additives and hyperactive behaviour in 3-year-old and 8/9-year-old children in the community: a randomised, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] this review describes the basic laboratory science including controlled pesticide dosing experiments in animals that supports a mechanistic relationship in the development of adhd and/or asd.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] developmental neurotoxicity of industrial chemicals and pharmaceuticals have been of growing interest in recent years due to the increasing reports of neuropsychiatric disorders, such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd) and autism.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] epidemiological relationships are also described for low-level pesticide exposure and adhd and/or asd.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] several food contaminants are suspected of being a possible contributing factor to the present-day increase in diseases, such as obesity and adhd, and pesticides are also considered as a contributor to the increased prevalence of adhd.

Do azo food dyes cause attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity in children? [SEP] there is now replicated evidence that the removal of food colours from the diet can make a small improvement in the behaviour of some children with adhd. |||

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] whether lower cancer incidence is due to turmeric was investigated by examining its effects on tumor cell proliferation, on pro-inflammatory transcription factors nf-κb and stat3, and on associated gene products.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] curcumin, the active constituent of dietary spice turmeric, possesses a strong potential for cancer prevention and treatment.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] recently, it has been shown that turmeric or curcumin significantly inhibits tpa-induced tumor promotion on mouse skin.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] our results indicate that turmeric can effectively block the proliferation of tumor cells through the suppression of nf-κb and stat3 pathways.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] turmeric enhanced the production of ros, and suppressed the growth of tumor cell lines.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] curcumin, an active ingredient of turmeric, that inhibits growth of malignant neoplasms, has a promising role in the prevention and treatment of colorectal cancer.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] together, the protective effects of dietary turmeric converge on augmenting apoptosis of the initiated cells and decreasing cell proliferation in dmba-treated animals, which in turn, is reflected in decreased tumor burden, multiplicity and enhanced latency period.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] these data indicate that the protection against genomic damage by turmeric extract and its components tested could be necessary for some aspects of its cancer chemoprevention.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] these results indicate that dietary turmeric is an effective anti-mutagen and it may be useful in chemoprevention.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] the incidence of cancer is significantly lower in regions where turmeric is heavily consumed.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] dietary turmeric (1%) led to decrease in dmba-induced tumor burden and multiplicity, and enhanced the latency period in parallel, to its modulatory effects on oncogene products and various cellular responses during hbp tumorigenesis.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] curcumin, the active principle of turmeric, is known to act as an anti-oxidant, anti-mutagen and anti-carcinogen in experimental animals.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] curcumin, extracted from turmeric, represents enormous potential to serve as an anticancer agent.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] the chemopreventive efficacy of turmeric has been established in experimental systems.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] curcumin, the yellow pigment and active component of turmeric (curcuma longa), exhibits chemopreventive and growth inhibitory activity against several tumor cell lines.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] turmeric inhibited nf-κb activation and down-regulated nf-κb-regulated gene products linked to survival (bcl-2, cflip, xiap, and ciap1), proliferation (cyclin d1 and c-myc), and metastasis (cxcr4) of cancer cells.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] furthermore, turmeric sensitized the tumor cells to chemotherapeutic agents capecitabine and taxol.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] turmeric was found to be more potent than pure curcumin for cell growth inhibition.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] it was observed that turmeric, given in doses of 1.5 g/day for 30 days, significantly reduced the urinary excretion of mutagens in smokers.

Does turmeric prevent or cure cancer? [SEP] curcumin extracts of turmeric are proposed to produce health benefits. |||

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] this study shows that breastfeeding reduced the risk of sudden infant death syndrome by approximately 50% at all ages throughout infancy.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] because breastfeeding is thought to be protective against sudden infant death syndrome (sids), environmental or child care factors that promote breastfeeding might reduce infant vulnerability to sids.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] breastfeeding survival curves showed that both partial breastfeeding and exclusive breastfeeding were associated with a reduced risk of sudden infant death syndrome.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] exclusive breastfeeding at 1 month of age halved the risk, partial breastfeeding at the age of 1 month also reduced the risk of sudden infant death syndrome, but after adjustment this risk was not significant.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] epidemiological studies indicate that breast-fed infants are at a decreased risk of sudden infant death syndrome (sids) compared to formula-fed infants.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] breastfeeding is associated with a reduction in risk for postneonatal death.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] however, it is unclear whether breastfeeding specifically lowers sudden infant death syndrome (sids) risk, because study results have been conflicting.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] epidemiological studies have shown that breast feeding reduces an infant's risk of sids.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] breastfeeding benefits both infant and mother, including reducing the risk of sudden infant death syndrome (sids).

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] to examine the association between type of infant feeding and sudden infant death syndrome.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] our findings suggest that early initiation of breastfeeding reduces neonatal and early infant mortality both through increasing rates of exclusive breastfeeding and by additional mechanisms.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] breast feeding is known to protect an infant against gastrointestinal pathogens and epidemiological studies indicate that compared to breast fed infants, formula fed infants are at a greater risk of dying from sudden infant death syndrome (sids).

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] our previous meta-analyses showed that any breastfeeding is protective against sids with exclusive breastfeeding conferring a stronger effect.the duration of breastfeeding required to confer a protective effect is unknown.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] this study aims to identify the risky behaviors of mothers with infants that may put their children at risk for sudden infant death syndrome.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] sudden infant death syndrome (sids) is a leading cause of postneonatal infant mortality.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] assuming causality, however, promoting breastfeeding has the potential to save or delay approximately 720 postneonatal deaths in the united states each year.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] factors such as sleeping position, bed sharing, pillow use, smoking during pregnancy and the breastfeeding period constitute risk factors for sudden infant death syndrome.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] breastfeeding is protective against sids, and this effect is stronger when breastfeeding is exclusive.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] benefits of breastfeeding include lower risk of postneonatal mortality.

Does breastfeeding reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome? [SEP] to assess the associations between breastfeeding duration and sids. |||

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] the initial evidence was that boron supplementation alleviated arthritic pain and discomfort of the author.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] these findings included a) analytical evidence of lower boron concentrations in femur heads, bones, and synovial fluid from people with arthritis than from those without this disorder; b) observation evidence that bones of patients using boron supplements are much harder to cut than those of patients not using supplements; c) epidemiologic evidence that in areas of the world where boron intakes usually are 1.0 mg or less/day the estimated incidence of arthritis ranges from 20 to 70%, whereas in areas of the world where boron intakes are usually 3 to 10 mg, the estimated incidence of arthritis ranges from 0 to 10%; d) experimental evidence that rats with induced arthritis benefit from orally or intraperitoneally administered boron; e) experimental evidence from a double-blind placebo-boron supplementation trial with 20 subjects with osteoarthritis.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] since 1963, evidence has accumulated that suggests boron is a safe and effective treatment for some forms of arthritis.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] the preceding data indicate that boron is an essential nutrient for healthy bones and joints, and that further research into the use of boron for the treatment or prevention of arthritis is warranted.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] dietary boron (b) may be beneficial for optimal calcium metabolism and, as a consequence, optimal bone metabolism.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] boric acid was administered by gavage at a subtoxic dose (8.7 mg b/kg/d) for 40 d. results indicate that serum level of minerals as well as osteocalcin (a marker of bone resorption) are dependent to a greater extent on the hormonal status of the animals than on boron supplementation.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] in vitro, animal, and human experiments have shown that boron is a bioactive element in nutritional amounts that beneficially affects bone growth and central nervous system function, alleviates arthritic symptoms, facilitates hormone action and is associated with a reduced risk for some types of cancer.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] the present study evaluated the effects of boron, in the form of boric acid, with or without 17beta-estradiol (e2) supplementation (via subcutaneous implant), in ovariectomized (ovx) aged 13- mo-old f-344 rats.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] boron treatment increased the e2-induced elevation of urinary calcium and magnesium.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] at the levels given, boron alone provided no protection against ovx-induced osteopenia.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] japonica (bfbp) in collagenase-induced rabbit model of osteoarthritis (cia).

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] a significant favorable response to a 6 mg boron/day supplement was obtained; 50% of subjects receiving the supplement improved compared to only 10% receiving the placebo.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] in addition, boron may form boroester complexes with phosphoinositides, glycoproteins, and glycolipids that affect cell membrane integrity and function.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] the diverse effects of boron suggest that it influences the formation and/or activity of substances that are involved in numerous biochemical processes.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] balneotherapy improved pain, function as well as the quality of life in patients with knee osteoarthritis.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] we suggest that bfbp has shown the protective effect on cartilage alternations through balance of mmps/timp-1 and regulates inflammatory-related molecules in vivo model of osteoarthritis, and great candidate for development of osteoarthritis treatment.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] silver level evidence has been found concerning balneotherapy in osteoarthritis.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] balneotherapy is a potentially useful treatment modality for patients with knee osteoarthritis.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] thus, increasing boron intake by consuming a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, nuts and pulses should be recognized as a reasonable dietary recommendation to enhance health and well-being.

Do boron preparations such as borax, boric acid, or calcium fructoborate relieve pain associated with age-related joint wear (osteoarthritis)? [SEP] both animal and human data indicate that an intake of less than 1.0mg/day inhibits the health benefits of boron. |||

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] however, for decades, concerns have been raised about the issue of glutamate's safety as a food additive; especially, with regards to its ability (or otherwise) to cross the blood-brain barrier, cause excitotoxicity, or lead to neuron death.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] food intolerance/malabsorption is caused by food ingredients, carbohydrates (mainly lactose and fructose), proteins (gluten), and biogenic amines (histamine) which cause nonspecific gastrointestinal and extra-intestinal symptoms.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] glutamate is a crucial neurotransmitter of the mammalian central nervous system, a molecular component of our diet, and a popular food-additive.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] the ingestion of gluten has been associated with gastrointestinal symptoms even in the absence of detectable immune responses.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] the most frequently encountered food excitotoxin is glutamate (glu) which is commercially added to many foods despite evidence that it can freely penetrate certain brain regions and rapidly destroy neurons by hyperactivating the nmda subtype of glu receptor.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] food intolerant symptoms can have various causes, including enzyme deficiencies (of lactase or aldehyde dehydrogenase) and pharmacological effects (e.g., caffeine, salicylates).

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] endogenous glutamate plays a significant role in nociceptive processing, this neurotransmitter being associated with hyperalgesia and central sensitization.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] gluten intolerance, or adverse intestinal reactions to gluten, is a fairly common problem among certain groups of people.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] results of animal studies following glutamate administration via different routes suggest that an array of effects can be observed.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] this review draws from the research experiences of the authors and other researchers regarding the effects of exogenous glutamate on the brain of rodents.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] some children will experience food reactions to food additives.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] monosodium glutamate (msg) is a widely used food additive.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] we aimed to assess whether the ingestion of gluten leads to an impairment of the physiological mechanisms of gastric emptying, gallbladder contraction and relaxation.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] dietary gluten causes severe disorders like celiac disease in gluten-intolerant humans.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] gliadin, a component of gluten, is known to play a major role in gluten toxicity.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] we review the current knowledge on the prevalence, clinical symptoms and treatment of gluten intolerance, and the use and properties of the allergens responsible.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] a deficiency in digestive enzymes can also cause some types of food intolerances like lactose and gluten intolerance.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] wheat- and gluten-containing products are often blamed for triggering a wide range of gastrointestinal symptoms, and this has fueled demand for gluten-free products worldwide.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] food intolerances may cause unpleasant symptoms, including nausea, bloating, abdominal pain, and diarrhea, which usually begin about half an hour after eating or drinking the food in question, but sometimes symptoms may delayed up to 48 h. there is also a strong genetic pattern to food intolerances.

Can glutamate in food cause intolerance symptoms? [SEP] several reports correlate msg consumption with a series of unwanted reactions, including headaches and mechanical sensitivity in pericranial muscles. |||

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] do cyclic forces accelerate the rate of tooth movement and hence the speed of orthodontic treatment?

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] functional orthopedic appliances have been proposed for the correction of class ii malocclusion due to a retrognathic mandible.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] periodontally accelerated osteogenic orthodontics (paoo) combines alveolar corticotomy, bone graft materials, and the application of orthodontic forces for rapid correction of malocclusions.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] it reduces treatment time, increases stability of teeth, and prevents relapse of orthodontic tooth moment.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] to evaluate if the improved accelerated osteogenic orthodontics (iaoo) procedure could speed class iii surgical patients' preoperative orthodontic treatment duration and, if yes, to what extent.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] significant acceleration in orthodontic tooth movement has been extensively reported following a combination of selective alveolar decortication and bone grafting surgery with the latter being responsible for the increased scope of tooth movement and the long-term improvement of the periodontium.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] orthodontic extrusion (oe) is an orthodontic tooth movement in a coronal direction to modify the tooth position and/or induce changes on the surrounding bone and soft tissue with a therapeutic purpose.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] the orthodontic treatment of class iii malocclusion with a maxillary deficiency is often treated with maxillary protraction with or without expansion.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] periodontally accelerated osteogenic orthodontics is a clinical procedure that combines selective corticotomy, particulate grafting, and application of orthodontics.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] periodontally accelerated osteogenic orthodontics is a relatively new procedure designed to minimize the time taken for orthodontic treatment.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] the orthodontist avails of the aid of a periodontist to perform decortication of the bone and places bone graft for rapid orthodontic correction of malocclusion.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] to meet their expectations, a number of innovative techniques have been developed to accelerate orthodontic tooth movement.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] although a number of mandibular and occlusal problems may be addressed by orthodontic treatment alone, dentofacial osteotomies are often needed to achieve desired functional or cosmetic results.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] these techniques have allowed the orthodontist to move teeth against a rigid fixation, allowing for more focused movements of teeth and for orthopedic growth modification.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] in patients with clefts of the secondary palate, do can also be used to aid in vertical alveolus augmentation and rapid orthodontic tooth movement.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] orthodontics and orthodontics combined with anterior segmental osteotomy are the common treatment strategies for this deformity.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] the iaoo can reduce the surgical orthodontic treatment time for the skeletal class iii surgical patient by more than half a year on average.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] periodontally accelerated osteogenic orthodontics (paoo) is a somewhat new surgical procedure which allows faster tooth movement via combining orthodontic forces with corticotomy and grafting of alveolar bone plates.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] growth and development play an important role in orthodontics because the jaw's growth and development in the apparatus used to treatment skeletal anomalies are associated with growth spurts and physiological facial growth.

Does the Orthopulse device accelerate the orthodontic correction of malocclusions? [SEP] what will be the impact of the next generation of dental implants or rapid prototyped crowns on orthodontics? |||

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] this study aimed to evaluate whether cord blood total mercury levels may have a negative effect on both mental and psychomotor development in a maternal-birth cohort from moderate-high fish consumption areas.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] higher fish consumption in pregnancy was associated with better infant cognition, but higher mercury levels were associated with lower cognition.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] consequently, fish consumption by pregnant women, children, and women of childbearing age is of concern because of the effects of mercury exposure on human health.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] conflicting evidence concerning possible harm from mercury (hg) in regard to offspring cognition if the woman eats fish has prompted this study to examine evidence from a british pre-birth cohort to investigate the relationship between the two.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] the relationship between intrauterine exposure to mercury and offspring iq appears to be benign provided the mother consumes fish.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] we examined associations of maternal fish intake during pregnancy and maternal hair mercury at delivery with infant cognition among 135 mother-infant pairs in project viva, a prospective u.s. pregnancy and child cohort study.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] there is evidence that high levels of mercury exposure to the pregnant woman can result in damage to the brain of the developing fetus.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] self-reported weekly amount of fish consumption during the first two trimesters of pregnancy correlated positively with umbilical cord mercury concentrations (r(s)=0.22, p<0.0001).

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] findings of developmental neurotoxicity following high-level prenatal exposure to mehg raised the question of whether children whose mothers consumed fish contaminated with background levels during pregnancy are at an increased risk of impaired neurological function.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] we found no evidence to suggest that prenatal levels of maternal blood mercury were associated with adverse development of the child, even when the mother had consumed no fish during pregnancy.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] although the maternal fish consumption is supposed to have beneficial effects on development of infants, it may be harmful for child cognitive development since fish is a common source of methylmercury.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] we endeavored to study whether maternal fish consumption during pregnancy harms or benefits fetal brain development.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] because exposure to methylmercury is primarily through fish, concern has been expressed that the consumption of fish by pregnant women could adversely affect their fetuses.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] maternal fish consumption exposes the mother to the neurotoxicant methylmercury (mehg), which, in contrast, may restrict fetal growth.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] the seychelles child development study was designed to test the hypothesis that prenatal exposure to mehg from maternal consumption of a diet high in fish is detrimental to child neurodevelopment.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] purpose of the study was to describe the usual pattern of fish consumption during pregnancy in poland and explain the variability of prenatal mercury exposure due to fish intake by mothers.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] maternal fish consumption during pregnancy exposes the fetus simultaneously to methylmercury (mehg) and long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (lcpufa).

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] the most common form of prenatal exposure is maternal fish consumption, but whether such exposure harms the fetus is unknown.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] neurotoxicity due to acute prenatal exposure to high-dose of mercury (hg) is well documented.

Is it harmful for the mental development of the unborn child if the mother regularly eats fish contaminated with mercury during pregnancy? [SEP] certain fish species have high levels of methyl-mercury leading to consumer's advisory guidelines in regard of fish consumption to protect infants from mercury exposure passing through breast milk. |||

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] it is now known that over-consumption of caffeine by pregnant mothers could have detrimental effects on normal fetal development.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] caffeine consumption during pregnancy is reported to increase the risk of in utero growth restriction and spontaneous abortion.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] the study raises the concern of caffeine consumption during early stages of pregnancy.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] the present review surveys a range of potential adverse influences of caffeine, including its pharmacological effects on the fetus and neonate, its teratogenicity, its possible effect on intrauterine growth, and its possible involvement in reproductive loss.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] epidemiological studies, however, have suggested that maternal caffeine exposure during pregnancy is associated with increased abnormalities, including decreased fertility, delayed conception, early spontaneous abortions, and low birth weight.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] although chronic caffeine exposure during pregnancy has been shown to affect fetal growth, adverse effects of caffeine on embryogenesis are not only well understood, but also controversial.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] the potential harmful effects of caffeine in pregnant women aroused public interests due to its possibility to jeopardize fetal development.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] because caffeine might be harmful to the fetus, the food and drug administration of the united states recently urged that "pregnant women should avoid caffeine-containing food and drugs, if possible, or consume them sparingly".

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] this narrative review examines evidence of association between maternal caffeine consumption and negative pregnancy outcomes, and assesses whether current health advice concerning maternal caffeine consumption is soundly based.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] during pregnancy, most women are exposed to caffeine, which is a widely consumed psychoactive substance.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] collectively, our data revealed that caffeine exposure during early pregnancy impaired oviductal embryo transport, embryonic development, and uterine receptivity, which are responsible for abnormal implantation and pregnancy loss.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] high-maternal caffeine intake during pregnancy may be harmful for perinatal outcomes and future child health, but the level of fetal cumulative exposure has been difficult to measure thus far.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] in this paper, the potential reproductive and teratological risks of caffeine are briefly reviewed.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] caffeine intake has been associated with abortion, preterm birth and fetal growth restriction, but a general consensus on caffeine restriction is still lacking.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] studies have found that caffeine consumption during pregnancy may alter many activities that are ultimately associated with cognitive dysfunction in offspring.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] human and animal studies have shown that prenatal caffeine exposure affects fetal brain development and results in persistent cognitive deficits in offspring.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] our study suggests the clinical significance of caffeine intake for prospective mothers.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] our results suggest that caffeine intake of > or =6 units/d during pregnancy is associated with impaired fetal length growth.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] we examined the associations of maternal caffeine intake, on the basis of coffee and tea consumption, with fetal growth characteristics measured in each trimester of pregnancy and the risks of adverse birth outcomes.

Can the consumption of caffeine during pregnancy harm the unborn child? [SEP] caffeine could result in defect of neural tube closure and induce disorder of serotonergic system development, which may increase teratogenic rate of embryos. |||

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] therefore, the aim of this work was to study the influence of these conditions during microwave cooking on the human bioactive compounds of broccoli.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] generally, steaming and microwave steaming were preferred for certain vegetables, even by those who normally boil them.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] for all features, steaming and microwave steaming were rated significantly higher than boiling for broccoli (for acceptability 6.2 and 7.1 versus 5.1; p < 0.001), whereas carrots were similarly considered better for flavour and overall acceptability.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] generally, boiling of vegetables is assumed leading to lower nutritional values because of leaching effects and activity loss of bioactive compounds.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] carrots, broccoli and green cabbage were boiled, steamed or microwave steamed.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] the microwave cooking process presents controversial results in the literature due to the different conditions that are employed (time, power, and added water).

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] in general, the longest microwave cooking time and the higher volume of cooking water should be avoided to minimize losses of nutrients.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] due to the inherent nature of standing wave patterns of microwaves inside a domestic microwave oven cavity and varying dielectric properties of different food components, microwave heating produces non-uniform distribution of energy inside the food.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] steaming retains vitamins and phytochemicals in vegetables better than boiling; thus, it is important to promote this cooking method.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] consuming raw vegetables offers essential nutrients that one may not get when such vegetables are usually cooked.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] cooking as a domestic processing method has a great impact on food nutrients.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] vegetables in the diet contribute to disease prevention.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] such risks may be influenced by the sources of the vegetables and washing techniques used.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] the sun-dried vegetables had inferior colour, texture and acceptibility compared to the vegetables dried in the cabinet dryer.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] non-uniform heating is a major food safety concern in not-ready-to-eat (nrte) microwaveable foods.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] most brassica (brassicaceae, cruciferae) vegetables are mainly consumed after being cooked, and cooking considerably affects their health-promoting compounds (specifically, glucosinolates, phenolic compunds, minerals, and vitamin c studied here).

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] the study suggested that the best location to place food in a microwave oven is not at the center but near the edge of the turntable assuming uniform heating is desired.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] as brassica vegetables are mainly consumed cooked, the influence of boiling on kale's flavonoids and their antioxidant activity was investigated.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] insufficient intake of total fruits and vegetables is linked to an increased cancer risk, but the relation is not understood for dried fruits.

Are vegetables prepared in a microwave oven less healthy than those prepared in other ways? [SEP] consumption of ready-to-eat (rte) vegetables is quick, easy and healthy, especially when eaten without cooking. |||

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] these findings suggest that dietary supplementation of garlic may be beneficial in reducing blood pressure and oxidative stress in hypertensive individuals.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] therefore, it is important to review the currently available evidence to determine whether garlic may also have a beneficial role in the reduction of cardiovascular events and mortality rates in patients with hypertension.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] a meta-analysis published in 2008 concluded that garlic consumption lowers blood pressure in hypertensive and normotensive patients.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] epidemiologic studies suggest that garlic may have beneficial effects on risk factors associated with cardiovascular disease (cvd).

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] to determine whether the use of garlic as monotherapy, in hypertensive patients, lowers the risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality compared to placebo.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] garlic is widely used by patients for its blood pressure lowering effects.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] this article systematically reviews previously published trials investigating the effects of garlic on blood pressure, and provides an updated meta-analysis of hypertensive participants.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] preclinical and clinical evidence has shown that garlic reduces risks associated with cvd by lowering cholesterol, inhibiting platelet aggregation, and lowering blood pressure.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] garlic has blood pressure-lowering properties and the mechanism of action is biologically plausible.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] garlic supplements have shown effectiveness in reducing blood pressure in hypertensive patients, similarly to first-line standard anti-hypertensive medications.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] daily consumption of garlic is known to lower the risk of hypertension and ischemic heart disease.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] animal studies have suggested that garlic reduces blood pressure, but primary studies in humans and non-systematic reviews have reported mixed results.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] our trial suggests aged garlic extract to be an effective and tolerable treatment in uncontrolled hypertension, and may be considered as a safe adjunct treatment to conventional antihypertensive therapy.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] garlic indirectly effects atherosclerosis by reduction of hyperlipidemia, hypertension, and probably diabetes mellitus and prevents thrombus formation.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] there is considerable epidemiological and clinical evidence that regular garlic supplementation reduces cardiovascular risk.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] therefore, in the present study we investigated the effect of short-term garlic supplementation in essential hypertensive patients (eh) on indices of oxidative stress.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] garlic supplements have shown promise in the treatment of uncontrolled hypertension, lowering blood pressure (bp) by about 10 mmhg systolic and 8 mmhg diastolic, similar to standard bp medication.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in this study, we examined whether aged garlic extract (age) prevents hypertension and the progression of compensated left ventricular (lv) hypertrophy in dahl salt-sensitive (ds) rats.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] one trial included 47 hypertensive patients and showed that garlic significantly reduces mean supine systolic blood pressure by 12 mmhg (95% ci 0.56 to 23.44 mmhg, p=0.04) and mean supine diastolic blood pressure by 9 mmhg (95% ci 2.49 to 15.51 mmhg, p=0.007) versus placebo.

Can garlic extract reduce high blood pressure and thus the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] our meta-analysis suggests that garlic preparations are superior to placebo in reducing blood pressure in individuals with hypertension. |||

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] we have proposed that the selective metabolism of fructose by the liver can, under conditions of elevated fructose delivery, inflict a metabolic insult that is localized to the hepatocyte.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] high fructose intake has been shown to increase circulating alanine transaminase in humans, which could reflect damage to the liver by fructose but could also be linked to higher level of transamination of amino acids in liver.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] unhealthy food intake, specifically fructose, has been associated with metabolic alterations and with the severity of liver fibrosis in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] animal studies have suggested that fructose impairs intestinal integrity and leads to hepatic steatosis (hs).

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] this result, which supports our hypothesis, is evidence in favour of the possibility that dietary fructose is associated with hepatotoxicity.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] the daily intake of industrial, not fruit fructose is a risk factor for metabolic alterations and the severity of liver fibrosis in patients with g1 chc.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] the increase consumption of fructose in diet is associated with liver inflammation.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] metabolic alterations in the liver due to fructose intake have been reported in many studies, but the effect of fructose administration on hepatic gluconeogenesis is not fully understood.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] fructose consumption predicts increased hepatic fibrosis in those with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld).

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] these studies emphasize the important role of fructose in the development of fatty liver and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] even in the absence of weight gain, fructose rapidly causes liver damage that we suggest is secondary to endotoxemia and mt.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] fructose and ethanol are metabolized principally in the liver and are both known to contribute to the development of hepatic steatosis that can progress to hepatic steatohepatitis.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] the intake of excess dietary fructose most often leads to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld).

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] excessive intake of fructose increases lipogenesis in the liver, leading to hepatic lipid accumulation and development of fatty liver disease.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] as a specific fructan substrate, fructose may modify the gut microbiota which is involved in obesity-induced liver disease.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] fructose intake from added sugars has been implicated as a cause of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] we propose that hepatic glycogen stores may be a key factor in determining the metabolic responses to fructose ingestion, and saturation of hepatic glycogen stores could exacerbate the negative metabolic effects of excessive fructose intake.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] fructose produces hepatic insulin resistance in humans and animals.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] increased fructose consumption has been suggested to contribute to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld), dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance, but a causal role of fructose in these metabolic diseases remains debated.

Can fructose damage the liver? [SEP] fructose elevated levels of ketohexokinase in the liver but did not affect sirt1 levels, suggesting that fructose is metabolized in the liver, without severely affecting liver function commensurable to an absence of metabolic syndrome condition. |||

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] consumption of green tea is associated with a decrease in cardiovascular mortality.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] green tea represents a promising tool for the prevention of cardiovascular disorders.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggest that green tea consumption is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] this study was designed to determine whether the consumption of green tea is proportionately associated with a decreased incidence of coronary artery disease (cad) and the cardiovascular and cerebrovascular prognosis.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] green tea consumption has been associated with a reduction in cardiovascular disease risk factors.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] our results suggest that green tea may prove beneficial as a dietary element in lifestyle interventions aiming to lower cardiovascular disease risk, in both older and younger populations.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] green tea consumption has been inversely associated with cardiovascular disease (cvd) in epidemiological studies.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] consumption of green tea has been inversely associated with the development and progression of cardiovascular diseases and cardiovascular risk factors.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the health benefit of green tea has been attributed to its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties; however, considerable evidence suggests that green tea and its catechins may reduce the risk of chd by lowering the plasma levels of cholesterol and triglyceride.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] animal and epidemiological studies suggest that green tea catechins may reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases [e.g., coronary heart disease (chd)].

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] green tea contains polyphenolic catechins which can act as antioxidants and thus decrease the risk for cardiovascular diseases.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] previous studies have reported that green tea consumption is associated with a lower risk of diseases that cause functional disability, such as stroke, cognitive impairment, and osteoporosis.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] epidemiological evidence shows that green tea may be a factor in lowering cancer risk.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] human and animal studies have shown that green tea consumption is associated with a reduced risk of some cancers.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] this study suggests that the consumption of green tea ≥2 times/d is associated with a reduced risk of copd in korean populations.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the frequent consumption of green tea has been shown to have antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects and to reduce the risk of lung cancer and type 2 diabetes.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] although some interventional trials suggest that green tea has beneficial effects on cvd risk factors, such as hypertension and obesity, others have failed to show such benefits.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] we conclude that an amount of green tea extract which corresponds to 10 cups of tea per day for 4 weeks does not have specific effects on several indicators related to risk of cardiovascular diseases in comparison with placebo treatment.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the consumption of green tea is associated with a lower risk of several types of human carcinomas.

Can green tea affect the likelihood of dying early and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the beneficial health effects of green tea are attributed in part to polyphenols, organic compounds found in tea that lower blood pressure, reduce body fat, decrease ldl cholesterol, and inhibit inflammation. |||

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] recently, it has been suggested that matcha has greater potential health benefits than other green teas.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] matcha tea consumption leads to much higher intake of green tea phytochemicals compared to regular green tea.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] recently, a special green tea, matcha tea, is rapidly gaining popularity throughout the world and is frequently referred to as a mood- and brain food.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] matcha is a special powdered green tea used in the japanese tea ceremony.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] this study suggests that matcha tea consumed in a realistic dose can induce slight effects on speed of attention and episodic secondary memory to a low degree.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] matcha is well known to be richer in some nutritional elements and epigallocatechin 3-o-gallate than other green teas.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] matcha tea is gaining popularity throughout the world in recent years and is frequently referred to as a mood-and-brain food.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] matcha, a powdered green tea produced by grinding with a stone mill, has been popularly used in the traditional tea ceremony and foods in japan.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] the present study investigates these effects by means of a human intervention study administering matcha tea and a matcha containing product.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] previous research has demonstrated that three constituents present in matcha tea, l-theanine, epigallocatechin gallate (egcg), and caffeine, affect mood and cognitive performance.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] results are presented for water and methanol extractions of matcha compared with water extraction of a popular green tea.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] these results suggest that matcha protects against hepatic and renal damage through the suppression of renal age accumulation, by decreases in hepatic glucose, triglyceride, and total cholesterol levels, and by its antioxidant activities.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] using a mg catechin/g of dry leaf comparison, results indicate that the concentration of epigallocatechin gallate (egcg) available from drinking matcha is 137 times greater than the amount of egcg available from china green tips green tea, and at least three times higher than the largest literature value for other green teas.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] however, to date there are no studies assessing the effect of matcha tea itself.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] however, there has been no investigation to quantitate the catechin intake from matcha compared to common green teas.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] in the present study, we investigated the preventive effects of matcha (50, 100, or 200 mg/kg/day) on the progression of hepatic and renal damage in type 2 diabetic otsuka long-evans tokushima fatty (oletf) rats.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] tea (camellia sinensis) is a widely consumed beverage, and laboratory and some intervention studies have indicated the potential health benefits of hot tea.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] in addition, matcha supplementation resulted in decreases in the renal cml, cel, and rage expressions as well as an increase in hepatic srebp-2 expression, but not that of srebp-1.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] encouraging data showing cancer-preventive effects of green tea from cell-culture, animal and human studies have emerged.

Is matcha tea particularly healthy? [SEP] tea is used as a popular beverage worldwide and its ingredients are now finding medicinal benefits. |||

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] we postulate that acupuncture at the active acupoint might have the potential effect of regulating some disease-affected key regions and the pain circuitry for migraine, and promote establishing psychophysical pain homeostasis.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] multiple studies support acupuncture as a validated modality for the prevention of episodic migraine.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] acupuncture has been commonly used for preventing migraine attacks and relieving pain during a migraine, although there is limited knowledge on the physiological mechanism behind this method.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] recently, a cochrane review on its use in migraine concluded that acupuncture is effective and should be considered as a prophylactic measure for patients with frequent or insufficiently controlled migraine attacks.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] acupuncture significantly influenced migraine frequency and intensity in the study's participants when preintervention measurements were compared to postintervention measurements.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] these results indicate that not only did acupuncture decrease both the frequency and intensity of migraines, but also the benefit had not subsided for 12 wks after the final acupuncture session.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] acupuncture has a therapeutic effect similar to that of prophylactic drugs and can be considered a treatment option for migraineurs.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] acupuncture is becoming a more widely used therapy for the prevention and treatment of migraine, but its effectiveness is still in question when compared to the pharmacological treatments even though very few of these have class a and b evidence for migraine prevention.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] we aim to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of acupuncture for both episodic migraine and chronic migraine by meta-analysis and explore the possible factors influencing the specific effect of acupuncture for migraine by meta-regression.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] acupuncture is commonly used to treat migraine and has gained popularity as a validated non-pharmaceutical option.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] this is a systematic review of data from existing randomized trials that compare the effectiveness of acupuncture treatment with conventional migraine preventative medications.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] although the specific mechanisms of acupuncture are not clearly understood, there is evidence for its effectiveness in treating migraine.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] the purpose of the current study was to evaluate whether a standardized set of acupuncture points, when used to deliver treatment over a predefined period of time, could reduce the frequency and intensity of migraines.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] the purpose of this review is to discuss the current evidence for acupuncture in migraine and to provide insight into which patients may benefit most from acupuncture.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] research has shown that acupuncture may be an effective and safe adjuvant or alternative migraine treatment.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] inhibition of dural mast cells, macrophages, and serum inflammatory factors may be one of the mechanisms involved in acupuncture treatment's effect on migraine.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] although the effectiveness of acupuncture for episodic migraine has been confirmed by multiple clinical trials and cochrane systematic reviews, the mechanisms underlying the specific effect of acupuncture for migraine remain controversial.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] we included randomized trials and randomized controlled trials in adult patients that compared the clinical effects of acupuncture with a standard migraine preventive medication in patients with a diagnosis of chronic or episodic migraine with or without aura.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] acupuncture may be a choice for menstrual-related migraine, when pharmacological prophylaxis is not suitable.

Can acupuncture prevent migraines and tension headaches? [SEP] a total of eighty migraineurs without aura were enrolled to receive either active acupoint acupuncture or inactive acupoint acupuncture treatment for 8 weeks, and twenty patients in each group were randomly selected for the fmri scan at the end of baseline and at the end of treatment. |||

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] drinking green tea is associated with decreased frequency of cancer development.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] epidemiological evidence shows that green tea may be a factor in lowering cancer risk.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] green tea consumption has been associated with decreased risk of certain types of cancers in humans.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] investigators have shown that green tea may decrease the risk of cancer.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] human and animal studies have shown that green tea consumption is associated with a reduced risk of some cancers.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] green tea consumption has been linked to a reduced occurrence of some tumor types.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] epidemiological studies have associated the consumption of green tea with a lower risk of several types of cancers, including stomach, oral cavity, esophagus, and lung.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] the consumption of green tea is associated with a lower risk of several types of human carcinomas.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] daily green tea consumption was associated with a non-significant reduction in lung cancer risk.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] experimental evidence suggests that green tea (camellia sinesis) may reduce the risk of lung cancer through several hypothesized mechanisms including scavenging oxidative radicals, inhibition of tumor initiation, and modulation of detoxification enzymes.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] based on recent evidence that tea consumption contributes to a decreased incidence of human carcinomas, a number of investigators have focused on the mechanisms of cancer prevention by tea extracts, especially green tea polyphenols.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] a number of epidemiological studies suggest that the consumption of green tea reduces the incidence of prostate cancer.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] a number of epidemiological studies have suggested that consumption of green tea reduces the risk of prostate cancer.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] recently, an epidemiological study showed a lower risk of gastric cancer among people who consume a large amount of green tea.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] induction of detoxification enzymes has been suggested as one of the biochemical mechanisms responsible for the cancer-preventive effect of green tea.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] as the major catechins present in green tea are potent antioxidants, we hypothesized that genetic and cellular damage induced by oxygen free radicals could be significantly reduced by potent antioxidants in green tea, thus reducing the cumulative genetic and cellular damage with age, and slowing or preventing tumour formation.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] there is epidemiological evidence showing that drinking green tea can lower the risk of esophageal cancer (ec).

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] thus, green tea had significant chemopreventive effects on carcinogen-induced mammary tumorigenesis in female s-d rats.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] since cancer is angiogenesis dependent, this may partially explain the antineoplastic effects associated with green tea consumption.

Can green tea reduce the likelihood of dying from cancer ? [SEP] an epidemiological study showed that green tea consumption is associated with a reduced risk of hematopoietic malignancy. |||

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] lowering of ldl cholesterol levels by plant sterols and stanols is associated with decreased risk of cardiovascular disease in humans.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] plant sterol-enriched foods are an effective dietary adjuvant in reducing cardiovascular risk by lowering total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (ldl-c) in serum by up to approximately 15%.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the consumption of products enriched with plant sterol or stanol esters lowers serum total and ldl-cholesterol concentrations, thereby most likely reducing the risk of coronary heart disease.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] plant sterol-enriched foods provides clinicians with a relatively cheap, safe, and effective way to help patients manage their cardiovascular risk.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] experimental studies show plant sterols to be an important part of the serum-cholesterol lowering effect of certain diets and dietary components.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in conclusion, plant sterols and stanols effectively reduce serum ldl cholesterol and atherosclerotic risk.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] epidemiological data show that individuals with higher intakes of plant sterols from their habitual diets have lower serum-cholesterol levels.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the consumption of dietary plant sterols should be a part of dietary advice to patients with hypercholesterolemia and the general public for the prevention and management of coronary heart disease.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] consumption of plant sterols or stanols (collectively referred to as phytosterols) and their esters results in decreased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, which is associated with decreased atherosclerotic risk.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] reducing intestinal cholesterol absorption with plant sterol consumption is a well-characterized strategy to lower ldl-c and potentially reduce cardiovascular disease risk.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] dietary plant sterols, such as campesterol and sitosterol, reduce plasma cholesterol concentrations, but any relationship to plaque development and cvd remains unclear.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] plant sterols and stanols (phytosterols/phytostanols) are known to reduce serum low-density lipoprotein (ldl)-cholesterol level, and food products containing these plant compounds are widely used as a therapeutic dietary option to reduce plasma cholesterol and atherosclerotic risk.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] plant sterols, naturally occurring in foods of plant origin, reduce cholesterol absorption.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] products enriched with plant sterol and stanol esters selectively lower ldl cholesterol.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] serum concentrations of plant sterols and stanols were measured in samples from nonfasting subjects by glc-ms. intake of plant sterols was 1.1 +/- 0.6 g/d and was associated with a decrease of serum total cholesterol concentration of 0.25 +/- 0.91 mmol/l (4%, p < 0.05), a change that differed (p < 0.05) from the nonsignificant increase in nonusers (+2%, 0.12 +/- 0.78 mmol/l, p = 0.16).

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] plant-based sterol-supplemented foods are recommended to help reduce the serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] it is unclear whether plant sterols regulate lipoprotein metabolism in the liver and intestines, thereby decreasing the levels of circulating atherogenic lipoproteins.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] beneficial in vivo effects of plant sterols and stanols on lipid and lipoprotein metabolism are well recognized.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] plant sterols and stanols are structurally similar to cholesterol and when added to the diet they are able to reduce serum total- and ldl-cholesterol concentrations.

Can plant sterols or foods with them reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] combining plant sterols with other dietary components known to reduce cholesterol in a portfolio approach has proven to be most effective for reduction of hypercholesterolemia and provide an alternative treatment option for clinicians. |||

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] more than adequate or excessive iodine intake may lead to hypothyroidism and autoimmune thyroiditis.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] iodine may induce hypothyroidism in patients with autoimmune thyroiditis in a dose-dependent manner.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] by interacting with the immune system, iodine excess may trigger the development of autoimmune thyroid disease such as lymphocytic hashimoto's thyroiditis (lt).

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] prolonged intake of large amounts of iodine has been reported to increase the incidence of hypothyroidism in humans, as well as in animals which are prone to spontaneously developing autoimmune thyroiditis.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] our previous epidemiological study indicated that excessive intake of iodine could potentially lead to hypothyroidism.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] epidemiologic researches have shown that exposure to iodine may be involved in the onset and development of autoimmune thyroiditis.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] excessive iodine intake is known to induce hypothyroidism in people who have underlying thyroid disorders.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] however, previous reports have shown that excess iodine induces hypothyroidism in hashimoto's thyroiditis.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] iodine deficiency has been reported to facilitate the development of toxic nodular goitre, whereas a high iodine intake may increase the prevalence of autoimmune hypothyroidism.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] chronic iodine deficiency leads to hypothyroidism, but iodine excess also impairs thyroid function causing hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and/or thyroiditis.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] high doses of ingested iodine were observed to precdict and increase the incidence of the thyroiditis process.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] these findings may provide a potential mechanism of iodine excess-induced overt and subclinical hypothyroidism.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] increased iodide intake has been linked to the development of hypothyroidism and/or autoimmune thyroiditis in humans and animals, but the mechanisms involved remain poorly understood.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] we observed an increase in the prevalence of overt hypothyroidism, subclinical hypothyroidism, and autoimmune thyroiditis with increasing iodine intake in china in cohorts from three regions with different levels of iodine intake: mildly deficient (median urinary iodine excretion, 84 microg per liter), more than adequate (median, 243 microg per liter), and excessive (median, 651 microg per liter).

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] high nutritional levels of iodine may induce a higher prevalence of autoimmune thyroiditis, hypothyroidism, goiter, as well as hyperthyroidism, mostly in the elderly.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] iodine is an essential component of thyroid hormones; high intake may lead to thyroid disease.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] these in vitro findings suggest that iodide at high concentrations may induce thyroid dysfunction through not only biochemical but also immunological mechanisms, particularly in patients with autoimmune thyroid disorders.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] consumption of foods deficient in iodine induces hypothyroidism.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] high iodine is a well-known factor that can induce thyroid disorders, including hashimoto's thyroiditis, one of the main types of aitd.

Can too much iodine cause autoimmune thyroid disease and consequently hypothyroidism? [SEP] excessive iodine intake causes iodine induced hyperthyroidism (iih). |||

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] aspartame (asp), an artificial sweetener abundantly consumed in recent years in an array of dietary products, has raised some concerns in terms of toxicity, and it was even suggested a link with the risk of carcinogenesis (colorectal cancer), though the present scientific data are rather inconclusive.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] the use of the artificial sweetener, aspartame, has long been contemplated and studied by various researchers, and people are concerned about its negative effects.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] aspartame (α-aspartyl-l-phenylalanine-o-methyl ester), an artificial sweetener, has been linked to behavioral and cognitive problems.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] the non-caloric sweetener aspartame can be potentially harmful to the developing brain, as some studies suggest an association between aspartame intake and adverse neural effects.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] aspartame, an artificial sweetener, is very widely used in many foods and beverages.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] aspartame (asp) is one of the commonest artificial sweetener used all over the world and considered as an extremely risky compound and raises a lot of controversy.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] this report examines the safety issues related to the nutritive sweetener aspartame, including possible toxic effects of aspartame's component amino acids, aspartic acid and phenylalanine, and its major decomposition products, methanol and diketopiperazine, and the potential synergistic effect of aspartame and dietary carbohydrate on brain neurochemicals.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] aspartame is an artificial sweetener usually consumed by hundreds of millions of persons all over the world.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] aspartame is an artificial sweetner added to many low-calorie foods.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] aspartame is one of the most common consumed artificial sweeteners utilized in many food products and beverages.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] aspartame is one of the most widely used artificial sweeteners globally.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] previously, it has been reported that consumption of aspartame could cause neurological and behavioural disturbances in sensitive individuals.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] the study reports that consumption of aspartame containing product could lead to cancer.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] aspartame (n-l-α-aspartyl-l-phenylalanine-1-methyl ester) (asp) is a synthetic sweetener used in foods and its safety remains controversial.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] aspartame is one of the most commonly consumed artificial sweeteners that is widely used in foodstuffs.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] aspartame is an artificial sweetener used as an alternate for sugar in several foods and beverages.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] we reviewed studies linking neurophysiological symptoms to aspartame usage and conclude that aspartame may be responsible for adverse neurobehavioral health outcomes.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] available evidence suggests that consumption of aspartame by normal humans is safe and is not associated with serious adverse health effects.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] aspartame (nutrasweet®, equal®) is a widely used artificial sweetener, has been reported to be accountable for neurological and behavioural disturbances in people.

Is the sweetener aspartame harmful to health? [SEP] purpose of this review was to spread the awareness about adverse effect of aspartame intake to outline the occurrence of health issues among the population. |||

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] here we evaluated whether coffee intake is associated with: (i) overall risk of being diagnosed with/dying from any cancer; and (ii) risk of individual cancers.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] these findings suggest that coffee consumption might impact the prevention of crc, especially distal colon cancer.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] in conclusion, coffee consumption is associated with decreased risk of mortality from all-cause, cvd, and cancer; however, smoking modifies the observed risk when studying the role of coffee on human health.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] the results suggested that a significant association was found between coffee consumption and decreased risk of colorectal and colon cancer among subjects consuming ≥4 cups of coffee per day.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] the relation between recent coffee consumption and the risk of breast cancer was evaluated in a case-control study, based on interviews conducted 1975-1982 at several mainly eastern us teaching and community hospitals.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggest that coffee consumption reduces the risk of cancers, including colon cancer, but the molecular mechanisms and target(s) underlying the chemopreventive effects of coffee and its active ingredient(s) remain unknown.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] consumption of coffee, a popular beverage worldwide, has been associated with lower colorectal cancer (crc) risk.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] we examined the relationship between intake of coffee and hormone-related cancer risk among japanese women using data from the hospital-based epidemiological research program at aichi cancer center (herpacc).

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] coffee drinking may be associated with lower risk of colon cancer in japanese women.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] previous observational studies have suggested that coffee intake may be associated with a reduction in cancer risk.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] evidence regarding the influence of coffee drinking on colorectal cancer (crc) is limited, and it remains unclear whether coffee consumption is associated with the risk of the disease.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] coffee is a rich source of bioactive compounds that have potential anticarcinogenic effects.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] this study provides support for the protective effect of coffee drinking on colon adenomas, a precursor of colon cancer.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] results from the recent meta-analysis suggested a moderate favorable effect of coffee consumption on colorectal cancer risk, especially for colon cancer.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] higher consumption of coffee intake has recently been linked with reduced risk of aggressive prostate cancer (pc) incidence, although meta-analysis of other studies that examine the association between coffee consumption and overall pc risk remains inconclusive.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] the hypothesis has been raised that coffee consumption may increase the incidence of breast cancer, based on the report that fibrocystic breast disease, a risk factor for breast cancer, regresses after abstention from coffee and other methylxanthines.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] there was no observational association between coffee intake and overall cancer risk [odds ratio (or) per one cup/day increase = 0.99, 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.98, 1.00] or cancer death (or = 1.01, 0.99, 1.03); the estimated or from mr is 1.01 (0.94, 1.08) for overall cancer risk and 1.11 (0.95, 1.31) for cancer death.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] coffee is a commonly consumed beverage which contains several potential anticarcinogenic and chemopreventive compounds, and has been hypothesized to have protective effects in colorectal neoplasia.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] background: consumption of coffee, one of the most popular beverages around the world, has been associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular and all-cause mortality in population-based studies.

Does coffee affect cancer death risk? [SEP] we studied the effect of unfiltered coffee consumption on putative biomarkers for colonic cancer risk. |||

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] diets rich in whole and unrefined foods, like whole grains, dark green and yellow/orange-fleshed vegetables and fruits, legumes, nuts and seeds, contain high concentrations of antioxidant phenolics, fibers and numerous other phytochemicals that may be protective against chronic diseases.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] this study suggests that decreasing the dietary share of ultra-processed foods is a rational and effective way to improve the nutritional quality of us diets.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] this study compared the effects of a phytochemical-rich diet versus a refined-food diet on lipoproteins, antioxidant defenses and colon function.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] consumption of ultra-processed foods has been associated with low diet quality, obesity and other non-communicable diseases.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate the associations between the energy contribution from ultra-processed foods and the intake of nutrients related to chronic non-communicable diseases in mexico.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] in the mexican population, an increased energy contribution from ultra-processed foods was associated with a lower dietary quality with regard to intake of nutrients related to chronic non-communicable diseases.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] recent population dietary studies indicate that diets rich in ultra-processed foods, increasingly frequent worldwide, are grossly nutritionally unbalanced, suggesting that the dietary contribution of these foods largely determines the overall nutritional quality of contemporaneous diets.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] to design culturally acceptable and healthy diets with reduced caloric share of ultra-processed foods (upf%) at no cost increment and to evaluate the impact of the change in the upf% on diet quality.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] a diet abundant in phytochemically-rich foods beneficially affected lipoproteins, decreased need for oxidative defense mechanisms and improved colon function.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] the beneficial effects of a seafood-rich diet are highly documented and can be attributed to both n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and other less studied nutritional components including protein and antioxidants.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] the average content of protein, fiber, vitamins a, c, d, and e, zinc, potassium, phosphorus, magnesium, and calcium in the us diet decreased significantly across quintiles of the energy contribution of ultra-processed foods, while carbohydrate, added sugar, and saturated fat contents increased.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] an increased energy contribution from ultra-processed foods was positively associated with intake from added sugar (q1: 7.4% kcal; q5: 17.5% kcal), total fat (q1: 30.6% kcal; q5: 33.5% kcal) and saturated fat (q1: 9.3% kcal; q5: 13.2% kcal), as well as dietary energy density (q1: 1.4 kcal/g; q5: 2.0 kcal/g) (p≤0.001); and inversely associated with intake from protein (q1: 15.1% kcal; q5: 11.9% kcal) and dietary fiber (q1: 16.0 g/1,000 kcal; q5: 8.4 g/1,000 kcal) (p≤0.001).

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] nutritional composition and neo-formed contaminant content in ultra-processed foods, amongst other factors, may contribute to increasing overall risk of non-communicable diseases and cancer.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] an inverse dose-response association was found between ultra-processed food quintiles and overall dietary quality measured through a nutrient-balanced-pattern pca-derived factor score characterized by being richer in fiber, potassium, magnesium and vitamin c, and having less saturated fat and added sugars.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] unilever, as a global food business, has a simple approach to nutrition strategy: 'better products' help people to enjoy 'better diets' and live 'better lives.'

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] the objective of this study was to determine if quality and sensory differences exist between uncured and cured meat products.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] undergraduate students (n=101) rated eight "healthy" and "unhealthy" foods on perceived "healthiness/unhealthiness," "weight loss/gain capacity" and "caloric" content.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] here we investigate the relationship between the energy contribution of ultra-processed foods in the us diet and its content of critical nutrients, individually and overall.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] linear regression was used to explore the association between the dietary share of ultra-processed foods and the balanced-pattern pca factor score.

Do diets with primarily or exclusively uncooked foods have health benefits? [SEP] however, some of the participants perceived processed foods, culinary ingredients and even some minimally processed foods as ultra-processed. |||

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] the present study aimed to evaluate the relation between water intake and headache properties in migraine.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] the results showed that the severity of migraine disability (p < 0.001), pain severity (p < 0.001), headaches frequency (p < 0.001), and duration of headaches (p < 0.001) were significantly lower in those who consumed more water or total water.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] to investigate the effects of increased water intake on headache.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] the data of the present study suggest a reduction in the total number of hours and intensity of headache episodes after increased water intake.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] 'a randomized trial on the effects of regular water intake in patients with recurrent headaches.'

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] water intake is a cost effective, non-invasive and low-risk intervention to reduce or prevent headache pain.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] in a pilot study, we examined the possible effects and feasibility of increased water intake in headache patients.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] the water intake is the best intervention to reduce or prevent headache pain.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] drinking more water resulted in a statistically significant improvement of 4.5 (confidence interval: 1.3-7.8) points on migraine-specific quality of life (msqol).

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] the present study found a significant negative correlation between daily water intake and migraine headache characteristics but further clinical trials are needed to interpret the causal relationship.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] dehydration is commonly believed to result in headache, but the effectiveness of increasing the water intake in patients who frequently suffer from headaches has not been studied thus far.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] drinking water did not reduce headache days.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] our results seem to justify larger scaled research on the effectiveness of increased water intake in headache patients.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] the advice to increase the daily fluid intake by 1.5 l increased the fluid intake in the intervention group by approximately 1 l. this reduced the total hours of headache in 2 weeks by 21 h (95% ci: -48 to 5).

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] patient/problem = headache > 1 year with 2 moderately intense or 4 mildly intense episodes per month intervention = 1.5 litres water per day + stress control and sleep hygiene comparison/control = stress control and sleep hygiene outcome = reduce or eliminate headache methodology = therapy rct table 1: final search terms trip data base: hits = 517 used filter extended primary research 4 found 1 paper applicable 'water intake '[mesh terms] and 'headache '[all fields]' best match to pico, (2012) rct selection criterion and overall results: 102 headache patients in16 primary care clinics were randomized into control (n = 50) and intervention groups (n = 52) inclusion criteria = two > episodes of moderately intense headache or five > mildly intense headaches per month and total fluid intake > 2.5 litres per day, follow-up @ 3 months.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] based on evidences dehydration is closely related to promote migraine headcahe frequency and severity.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] pearson correlation analysis was used to evaluate the relationship between the number of days and duration of headache with daily water intake.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] eighteen headache patients (all had migraine, two also had tension-type headache) were randomly allocated to placebo medication, or the advice to additionally drink 1.5 l of water per day, for a period of 12 weeks.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] however, drinking more water did not result in relevant changes in days with at least moderate headache.

Can increased water consumption prevent migraines or other headaches? [SEP] the intervention group additionally received the instruction to increase the daily water intake by 1.5 l. the main outcome measures were migraine-specific quality of life (msqol) and days with at least moderate headache per month. |||

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] hoodia gordonii is a 'weight loss' herb, which has gained popularity in the western countries as an appetite suppressant dietary supplement.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] an increasing number of patients are taking herbal medicines such as echinacea, garlic, ginkgo biloba, ginseng, st john's wort, valerian, ephedra, kava, grapefruit juice and ginger.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] the aqueous extract of these seven hypoglycemic herbs demonstrated many therapeutic effects for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in cell and animal models.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] pueraria lobata, tabernanthe iboga, panax ginseng, salvia miltiorrhiza and hypericum perforatum proved to be effective in decreasing alcohol consumption.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] the present paper briefly reviews the most relevant experimental data on the reducing effect of some medicinal herbs on voluntary alcohol intake in animal models of alcoholism.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] berberis aristata, cyperus rotundus, cedrus deodara, emblica officinalis, terminalia chebula and terminalia bellirica is mentioned as an effective anti-hyperglycemic agent in 'charaka samhita', the classical text of ayurveda.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] an aqueous extract of multi-hypoglycemic herbs of panax ginseng c.a.meyer, pueraria lobata, dioscorea batatas decaisne, rehmannia glutinosa, amomum cadamomum linné, poncirus fructus and evodia officinalis was investigated for its anti-diabetic effects in cell and animal models.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] each of these plants reportedly possesses beneficial effects in the treatment of diabetes.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] these data suggest that medicinal plants may constitute novel and effective pharmacotherapies for alcoholism.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] rhizoma dioscorea, lycium barbarum, prunella vulgaris and hawthorn are well known in both traditional food and folk medicine.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] ameliorating effects were investigated of the cognitive-enhancing chinese herbs administered orally for 1 week-panax ginseng (pg), panax notoginseng (png), dioscorea opposita (do), gastrodia elata (ge), salvia miltiorrhiza (sm), acorus gramineus (ag), coptis chinensis (cc), polygonum multiflorum (pm), cyperus rotundus (cr) and psoralea corylifolia (pc)-on the scopolamine (scop)-induced amnesia by using a passive avoidance task in rats.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] the chinese herbal medicines at dosages relevant to recommended uses in humans relieved painful responses, including abdominal wall contraction, pelvic twisting and/or rear limb stretching.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] jia-wei-jiao-tai-wan (jwjtw), composed of jiao-tai-wan (cinnamomum cassia and rhizoma coptidis) and other antidiabetic herbs, including astragalus membranaceus, herba gynostemmatis, radix puerariae lobatae, folium mori and semen trigonellae, is widely used to treat diabetes and has demonstrated a curative effect in the clinic, but the potential mechanism is unknown.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] the effects of water extracts of six medicinal herbs (radix polygalae tenuifoliae, radix salviae miltiorrhizae, rhizoma acori graminei, rhizoma pinelliae ternatae, tuber curcumae and scletrotium poriae cocos) on the cytotoxic action of abeta(1-40) were tested with pc-12 cells.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] these data support the interpretation that this herbal formulation contains ingredients that collectively may be efficacious in preventing or treating ad and ai prostate carcinoma.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] various ginger compounds improve gastrointestinal problems and motion sickness.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] the db/db mice treated with the extract showed reduced fasting blood glucose and hba1c levels, improved postprandial glucose levels, enhanced insulin sensitivity and significantly decreased plasma free fatty acid, triglyceride and total cholesterol.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] this study aims to assess the effectiveness of herbal medicines on relieving primary dysmenorrhea in a murine model and to delineate a plausible mechanism.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] trigonella foenum-graecum, an annual herb belonging to the family leguminosae, commonly known as fenugreek, has been reported to have hypoglycemic, hypocholesterolemic, hyperinsulinemic and antidiabetic properties.

Offer the following herbal appetite suppressants effective and safe weight loss support: Devil's Tongue (Konjac Root), Caralluma fimbriata, Garcinia cambogia, Gymnea sylvestre, Ephedra, Irvinia gabonensis, Fenugreek, Hoodia gordonii, Common Bean, Bitter Orange? [SEP] many common herbs and spices are claimed to have blood sugar lowering properties that make them useful for people with or at high risk of diabetes. |||

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] people with known risk factors for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) are important targets for screening and early intervention.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] current and former smokers with copd may disproportionately benefit from lung cancer screening.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] future trials must evaluate whether screening can improve outcomes for patients with copd.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) are at increased risk of developing lung cancer and may benefit from screening at lower pack-year thresholds.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of a screening program in identifying undiagnosed individuals with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd).

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] early detection of copd may reduce the future burden of the disease.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] until such a study has shown convincing results, and has been followed by a cost-benefit analysis in favour of screening, screening for pre-clinical copd in general practice should not be recommended.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] results support the use of a community-screening program to identify and help modify risk factors for copd.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] to discuss whether screening for early chronic obstructive lung disease (copd) is justifiable.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] underdiagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) in primary care can be improved by a more efficient screening strategy.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] copd is a treatable disease and it is important to identify copd subjects, highlighting the need for an efficient screening measure.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] screening spirometry might help identify patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) at an earlier stage.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] the screening, evaluating and assessing rate changes of diagnosing respiratory conditions in primary care 1 (search1) study assessed whether screening using the copd population screener (copd-ps) questionnaire to detect copd risk factors and symptoms, with or without a handheld spirometer (copd-6) to detect airflow limitation, can increase yields of copd diagnosis and respiratory-related clinician actions in primary care.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] in primary care, individuals at high risk of copd (ie, age ≥35 years, relevant exposure, and at least one respiratory symptom) and no previous diagnosis of obstructive lung disease were examined with a copd-6 screening device.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] general practitioners are these days encouraged, from several quarters, to screen their smoking patients for early copd.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] we aimed to investigate whether prescreening with a copd-6 screening device (measuring fev1 and fev6) facilitates early detection of copd in primary care.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] this evidence supports the idea of including patients with copd and/or emphysema in lung cancer screening programs.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] targeted spirometry screening for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) has been studied in primary care and community settings.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] to investigate the effectiveness of voluntary lung function screening in bringing to light patients with previously unknown copd and to evaluate the relationships among symptoms, smoking status, and airway obstruction.

Are there health benefits to screening the general population for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as a precaution? [SEP] there is evidence that lung cancer screening in this population is effective and can potentially reduce mortality. |||

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] the feeding of cow's milk has adverse effects on iron nutrition in infants and young children.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] early introduction of whole cow's milk may lead to iron deficiency anemia.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] cows' milk before 24 weeks was associated with iron deficiency and anaemia.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] early introduction of cow's milk is a risk factor for the development of anaemia and iron deficiency, which is associated with lower childhood developmental scores.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] the use of fresh cow's milk in early infancy, a common practice, is associated with the development of measurable degrees of iron deficiency.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] in many instances excessive amounts of milk produce severe iron deficiency anemia during the second year of life in infants of greater than average birth weight.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] a substantial proportion of southern ontario infants are receiving cow's milk before the recommended age, putting them at increased risk for iron deficiency and the resulting sequelae.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] in this pooled analysis, cow's milk intake in late infancy associated negatively, and follow-on formula positively, with iron status.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] introduction of pasteurised cows' milk to the diet of preterm infants before 36 weeks' postnatal age caused iron deficiency without anaemia.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] consumption of fresh cow's milk and of unfortified cow's milk formulas and cereal products predispose to iron deficiency.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] whole cow's milk is known to be detrimental to infants, mainly due to its low iron content.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] the feeding of cow's milk to infants is undesirable because of cow's milk's propensity to lead to iron deficiency and because it unduly increases the risk of severe dehydration.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] considering the low content in breast milk breastfed infants might be at particular risk for depleted iron stores after the first months of life.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] the aim of the present study was to investigate associations between iron status among one-year-olds and feeding, with focus on the type of milk.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] the biologic variability among infants and among their mothers that allows many infants who do not receive iron-fortified foods to prevent iron deficiency while receiving only human milk throughout the first year of life is intriguing and warrants additional study.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] breastfed infants may be at particular risk for iron deficiency because breast milk is low in iron.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] studies on iron status in infancy and early childhood have shown contradicting results concerning prolonged breast-feeding and cow's milk intake.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] given the importance of iron nutrition during the first year of life, there are surprisingly few true, randomized, controlled studies addressing this issue; however, it seems that iron deficiency is unlikely in full-term, breastfed infants during the first 6 months of life because these infants' body iron stores are sufficient to meet requirements.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] if human milk is not available, it is preferred that iron-fortified formulas rather than whole cow's milk be used during the first year of life.

Can cow's milk cause iron deficiency in babies in the first year of life? [SEP] fortified food seems to improve iron status in late infancy. |||

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] whole cow's milk is known to be detrimental to infants, mainly due to its low iron content.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] more recently, the literature suggests that consuming whole cow's milk in infancy has unfortunate effects on growth, especially weight acceleration and development of overweight in childhood.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] early introduction of cow's milk is a risk factor for the development of anaemia and iron deficiency, which is associated with lower childhood developmental scores.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] the consumption of whole milk after the first year of life should be discouraged because of its potential role in a variety of disorders including atherosclerosis, recurrent abdominal pain of childhood, cataracts, milk-borne infections, and juvenile delinquency.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] a substantial proportion of southern ontario infants are receiving cow's milk before the recommended age, putting them at increased risk for iron deficiency and the resulting sequelae.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] several aspects of consuming whole cow's milk in infancy can be found in recent reviews.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] whole bovine milk should not be fed to infants during the first year of life because of its association with occult gastrointestinal bleeding, iron deficiency anemia, and cow's milk allergy.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] the results reveal a risk for malnutrition in children on cows' milk-free diets, unless precautions are taken to replace the valuable nutrients from milk in the diet.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] cow's milk is a major food for young children.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] other suggested reasons for the avoidance of whole cow's milk in infancy are touched upon, such as milk protein allergy and high renal solute load.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] breast milk, especially colostrum, is not just a source of nutrients and immune factors for the newborn, but also accumulates environmental persistent pollutants and its diverse microbes affect the early colonization of the newborn's gut.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] human milk contains nutrients which are necessary to provide proper growth of a child.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] the objective of this paper is to describe the incidence of the introduction of cow's milk before the recommended age of nine months and factors associated with early introduction.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] cows' milk before 24 weeks was associated with iron deficiency and anaemia.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] cow's milk formula (cmf) is used to supplement breastfeeding (bf) at birth without clear clinical evidence to support the practice.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] intake of mother's milk during the first 5 days of life was associated with a lower incidence of nec, sepsis and/or death during the first 60 days of life (hazard ratio (hr) in the category 0.01-50% intake of mother's milk: 0.49, 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.28, 0.87; hr in the category 50.01-100% intake of mother's milk: 0.50, 95% ci 0.31, 0.83, both compared to no mother's milk).

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] however, as milk is an important source of nutrients in childhood, a milk-free diet may not adequately meet the child's nutritional needs.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] to determine whether avoiding supplementation with cmf at birth can decrease risks of sensitization to cow's milk protein and/or clinical food allergy, including cow's milk allergy (cma), overall and in subgroups stratified by 25-hydroxyvitamin d (25[oh]d) levels.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] however, human milk may confer advantages in terms of a decreased incidence of gastrointestinal and neurodevelopmental adverse outcomes.

Does cow's milk for babies have other health disadvantages?? [SEP] aside from nutritional significance, milk affords infant mammals immunologic benefits. |||

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] breast milk has a nutrient composition that matches the nutritional needs of children and is believed to be able to have a positive influence on the infant's growth.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] breast milk confers many benefits to the newborn and developing infant.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] breastfeeding has been associated with improved neurodevelopment in children.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] because cognitive scores are related to head size, we hypothesized that breast milk mediates cognitive effects by affecting brain growth.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] this study lends further support to the health-promoting effects of breastfeeding.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] these data support the hypothesis that breast milk promotes brain development, particularly white matter growth.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] although observational findings linking breast milk to higher scores on cognitive tests may be confounded by factors associated with mothers' choice to breastfeed, it has been suggested that one or more constituents of breast milk facilitate cognitive development, particularly in preterms.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] good habits of breastfeeding have been associated with many long-term health benefits.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] recently data have started to emerge showing that breastfeeding may also induce positive effects in the mother.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] beyond somatic growth, breast milk as a biologic fluid has a variety of other benefits, including modulation of postnatal intestinal function, immune ontogeny, and brain development.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] a high percentage of breastfeeds among all milk feeds accumulated during the first 14 months was positively related with child mental development (0.37 points per month of full breastfeeding [95% confidence interval: 0.06-0.67]).

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] more short-term outcomes, such as incidence and duration of illness, nutrient status, and cognitive development during the first year of life also demonstrate benefits of breastfeeding.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] in this article, we ask whether breastfeeding for more than 2 years is associated with discernible health and well-being benefits to children.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] greater levels of accumulated breastfeeding during the first year of life were related to higher mental development at 14 months, largely independently from a wide range of parental psychosocial factors.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] breastfeeding has been associated with numerous health and well-being benefits for both children and their mothers, including prolonging the birth interval to the subsequent sibling.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] in addition, this association between breastfeeding and development has long-term consequences on human capital, increasing earning ability.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] in the present review, we identified two studies that reported that duration of breastfeeding was positively associated with iq in childhood, whereas another study reported that cognitive score at 67.9 years of age was higher among those subjects who had been breastfed for at least 6 months.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] concerning its long-term consequences, it has been reported that subjects who had been breastfed would have a better performance in intelligence tests.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] in this review, we perused the recently published studies on the association of breastfeeding with developmental outcomes.

Does drinking breast milk as a baby have a positive effect on later health and development? [SEP] our results indicate a strong positive relationship between breastfeeding for 2 or more years and interbirth interval, but little evidence for a relationship between prolonged breastfeeding and several indicators of child growth and health. |||

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] the inclusion of almonds in an energy-restricted diet has been reported both to enhance or to have no effect on weight loss.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] there are currently a wide variety of diets and a common misconception that a single magical diet can cure overweight and obesity.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] thus, individuals who achieve clinically significant weight loss with adf demonstrate improved satiety, increased protein intake, and better adherence to fast-day calorie goals.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] moderate almond consumption by compliant overweight and obese individuals during energy restriction results in greater proportional reductions of truncal and total body fat as well as diastolic bp and hence may help to reduce metabolic disease risk in obesity.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] systematic reviews and meta-analyses indicate that all diets work when adhered to and that initial weight loss can predict the amount of weight lost and maintained for up to 4 years.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] many different diets have been tried to treat obesity, and weight loss occurs with all of them.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] dash diet is a good choice for weight management particularly for weight reduction in overweight and obese participants.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] these findings suggest that the absence of a compensatory increase in hunger in conjunction with an increase in sensations of fullness may contribute to the weight loss efficacy of an 8-week adf regimen.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] while low-carbohydrate diets have been suggested to partially subvert these processes by increasing energy expenditure and promoting fat loss, our meta-analysis of 32 controlled feeding studies with isocaloric substitution of carbohydrate for fat found that both energy expenditure (26 kcal/d; p <.0001) and fat loss (16 g/d; p <.0001) were greater with lower fat diets.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] we evaluated the effects of consuming almonds as part of an energy-restricted diet on body composition, specifically visceral adipose tissue (vat) and bp, compared to a nut-free energy-restricted diet.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] limited research suggests that selected approaches, such as low-carbohydrate diets, augment weight loss and offer an advantage over conventional low-fat diets.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] even a normoenergic diet can produce the desired reduction of overweight if it is combined with physical exercise.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] increasing intake of low energy density (ed) foods in place of high ed foods has been proposed as a strategy for preventing or treating obesity.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] additionally, this study showed that efad has an ameliorating effect on obesity-induced cognitive disorder with behavioral tests.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] a moderately reducing diet has a number of advantages over the very low-energic ones, as it leads to the preservation of the lean body mass, especially when the diet is accompanied by a regime of high physical activity.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] these results suggest that substituting low ed foods for high ed foods in otherwise similar recipes can be an effective method for reducing daily energy and fat intake.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] orlistat blocks intestinal lipase and produces modest weight loss.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] dietary approaches to stop hypertension (dash) diet is rich in foods that are proposed to be inversely associated with obesity.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] meta-analysis revealed that adults on dash diet lose more weight (weighted mean difference [wmd] = -1.42 kg, 95% confidence interval [95%ci]: -2.03, -0.82) in 8-24 weeks, bmi (wmd = -0.42 kg m(-2) , 95%ci: -0.64, -0.20) in 8-52 weeks and wc (wmd = -1.05 cm, 95%ci: -1.61, -0.49) in 24 weeks compared with controls.

Does Almased help with excess weight better than other diets? [SEP] efad significantly suppressed the elevation of bw and improved impaired glucose tolerance in obese mice. |||

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] this investigation supports previous contentions that exposure to talc may increase risk of ovarian carcinoma.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] a positive association between perineal use of talc powder and ovarian cancer was found [or: 1.28 (95% ci: 1.20-1.37)].

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] over the past four decades, there has been increasing concern that perineal use of talc powder, a commonly used personal care product, might be associated with an increased risk of ovarian cancer.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] this study was prompted by epidemiological observations suggesting that perineal use of talc powder is associated with increased risk of ovarian cancer, particularly in a milieu with higher estrogen.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] perineal use of talc powder is a possible cause of human ovarian cancer.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] prior work suggests an association between perineal use of cosmetic talc and increased ovarian cancer risk.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] genital talc use is associated with increased risk for ovarian carcinoma in epidemiologic studies.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] genital powder use has been associated with risk of epithelial ovarian cancer in some, but not all, epidemiologic investigations, possibly reflecting the carcinogenic effects of talc particles found in most of these products.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] clinical and epidemiologic studies have indicated the possible existence of an association between ovarian carcinoma and talcum powder use.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] our results provide little support for any substantial association between perineal talc use and ovarian cancer risk overall; however, perineal talc use may modestly increase the risk of invasive serous ovarian cancer.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] case-control studies have reported an increased risk of ovarian cancer among talc users; however, the only cohort study to date found no association except for an increase in serous invasive ovarian cancers.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] although epidemiologic studies suggest talc use may increase ovarian cancer risk, there is no proof that talc used externally reaches the pelvis.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] vaginal exposures to talc and other particulates may play an etiologic role in epithelial ovarian cancer.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] several studies have reported a positive association between perineal use of talcum powder among adult women and ovarian cancer risk.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] to critically review all available human epidemiological data on the relationship between perineal use of talc powder and ovarian cancer, with consideration of other relevant experimental evidence.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] the concern that use of talc or talc-containing substances in the perineal region of women may subject them to an increased risk for ovarian cancer has become an important issue in the study of ovarian cancer.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] these findings are the first to confirm the cellular effect of talc and provide a molecular mechanism to previous reports linking genital use to increased ovarian cancer risk.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] talc, a hydrous magnesium silicate, often used for genital hygiene purposes, is associated with ovarian carcinoma in case-control studies.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] perineal talc use is associated with ovarian carcinoma in many case-control studies.

Do products with talc, such as baby powder, increase the risk of ovarian cancer? [SEP] we observed no overall association with ever talc use and epithelial ovarian cancer (multivariate rr = 1.09; 95% ci = 0.86-1.37) and no increase in risk of ovarian cancer with increasing frequency of use. |||

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] larger portion sizes of foods and beverages could affect overall energy intake at meals and promote overeating.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] while it is well-known that larger food portions lead to increased consumption (i.e., the portion size effect), previous studies confound the effect of the size and the number of food units making up the larger portion.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] the robust effect of portion size on intake has led to growing interest in why individuals consume more food when served larger portions.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] people typically eat more from large portions of food than from small portions.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] relative consumption ratios are higher when participants were served portions made up of enlarged food units compared to more food units.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] portion size is a key environmental driver of energy intake, and larger-than-appropriate portion sizes could increase the risk of weight gain.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] large portions increase intake and are hypothesized to contribute to the obesity epidemic.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] large portions of food are often blamed for rising rates of obesity.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] in building on the size-contrast illusion, this research examines whether the size of a bowl or serving spoon unknowingly biases how much a person serves and eats.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] in the past decades, portion sizes of high-caloric foods and drinks have increased and can be considered an important environmental obesogenic factor.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] the increase in the prevalence of obesity has coincided with an increase in portion sizes of foods both inside and outside the home, suggesting that larger portions may play a role in the obesity epidemic.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] in contrast to those in studies involving larger-sized plates and spoons, people serving from larger bowls felt more satiated.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] food appears larger if plated on smaller dishes than larger dishes and liquid volumes appear larger in taller cups than shorter cups.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] portion distortion (perceiving large portion sizes as appropriate amounts to eat at a single eating occasion) may contribute to increasing energy intakes and expanding waistlines.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] study 3 (n = 189) considers both perceived quantity and consumption and demonstrates that perceived quantity indeed mediates the effect of food portion size on consumption.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] the effect of container size of food and drinks as well as the effect of the variety of drinks on the selecting behaviors of male and female undergraduates were investigated in this research by manipulating the sizes of plates and glasses.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] these findings again highlight the role that external cues play in food consumption and show the importance of considering serving bowl size in nutrition education.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] this review of studies into the effects of portion size on energy intake shows that increased food portion sizes lead to increased energy intake levels.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] a number of studies also support an influence of orosensory processing on the portion size effect; large portions have been shown to relate to increased bite size and faster eating rate.

Do large portions, large plates or glasses, and larger packaging cause us to eat and drink more? [SEP] portion sizes for certain foods have been increasing dramatically in recent years alongside obesity rates, concurring with the phenomenon of the portion size effect (more is consumed when more is offered). |||

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] in particular, coconut oil has received attention as having potentially having benefits in lessening the cognitive deficits associated with alzheimer's disease.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] the isocaloric coconut oil enriched mediterranean diet seems to improve cognitive functions in patients with ad, with differences according to patient sex and degree of severity of the disease, although more studies in this line are needed.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] virgin coconut oil (vco) has been the subject of several studies which have aimed to alleviate alzheimer's disease (ad) pathology, focusing on in vitro antioxidant and acetylcholinesterase (ache) inhibitory activities.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] coconut oil has recently attracted considerable attention as a potential alzheimer's disease therapy because it contains large amounts of medium-chain fatty acids (mcfas) and its consumption is thought to stimulate hepatic ketogenesis, supplying an alternative energy source for brains with impaired glucose metabolism.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] after intervention with coconut oil, improvements in episodic, temporal orientation, and semantic memory were observed, and it seems that the positive effect is more evident in women with mild-moderate state, although other improvements in males and severe state were also shown.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] we undertook this pilot study to investigate the effects of coconut oil supplementation directly on cortical neurons treated with amyloid-β (aβ) peptide in vitro.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] these results suggest that coconut oil intake may improve brain health by directly activating ketogenesis in astrocytes and thereby by providing fuel to neighboring neurons.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] the aim of this study is to detect changes in the main cognitive functions of patients with ad after following a coconut oil enriched mediterranean diet, and to determine whether there are differences in function of stage or sex.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] this study suggested the potential role of fish oil to improve memory function in mci subjects.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] epidemiological studies have suggested a beneficial effect of fish oil supplementation in halting the initial progression of alzheimer's disease.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] this study investigated the effects of fish oil supplementation on cognitive function in elderly person with mci.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] the present study demonstrates that c. paniculatus seed oil has memory enhancing effect and hence can be developed as a potential drug in the treatment of dementia.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] however, it remains unclear whether fish oil affects cognitive function in older people with mild cognitive impairment (mci).

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] coconut oil co-treatment also attenuates aβ-induced mitochondrial alterations.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] in a recent report, we showed that neuron survival in cultures co-treated with coconut oil and aβ was rescued compared to cultures exposed only to aβ.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] our results indicate that neuron survival in cultures co-treated with coconut oil and aβ is rescued compared to cultures exposed only to aβ.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] a prospective, longitudinal, qualitative, analytic, experimental study was carried out in 44 patients with ad, who were randomly divided into two homogenous groups of 22 patients each: an experimental group of patients who followed a coconut oil enriched mediterranean diet for 21 days and a control group.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] we previously described the benefits of aromatherapy on the cognitive function of patients with ad utilizing various aromatic essential oils; however, its mechanism of action remains poorly understood.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] this study suggests a protective effect of olive oil consumption for late amd in this elderly community-dwelling population.

Does taking coconut oil improve mental abilities in dementia like Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] the benefits of aromatherapy on the cognitive function in mice were confirmed. |||

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] vaccinating a buffer of individuals around a case (ring vaccination) has the potential to target those who are at highest risk of infection, reducing the number of doses needed to control a disease.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] previous animal and human studies have shown protective effects of ca on the resistance to enteropathogenic infections.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] all ca salts decreased infection-induced intestinal permeability and persistence of salmonella.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] larch arabinogalactan (resistaid * ) may prevent cold infections due to its immune-stimulatory properties.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] therefore, we investigated the efficacy of several ca salts to enhance intestinal resistance to salmonella enteritidis infection.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] in a placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomized clinical trial, the effect of a proprietary larch arabinogalactan preparation on the incidences of common colds and its effect on cold symptoms, as a well established model for immune function, was compared to placebo.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] a total of 199 healthy participants who had a self reported cold infection rate of three in 6 months were randomly assigned to receive a total of either 4.5 g of an arabinogalactan preparation (n = 101) or placebo (n = 98) over a period of 12 weeks.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] the present study demonstrated that larch arabinogalactan increased the body's potential to defend against common cold infection.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] we investigated whether prophylactic administration of metronidazole to patients before they receive other antibiotics reduces the risk of cdi.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] antibiotic prophylaxis is an effective tool to reduce surgical infection rates.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] combined oral and intravenous antimicrobial prophylaxis in patients with crohn disease contributed to the prevention of ssi.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] the number of participants affected by a cold was significantly reduced by arabinogalactan supplementation (p = 0.038).

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] in the full analysis set (fas), arabinogalactan tended to decrease the incidence of common cold (p = 0.055).

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] with the development of new and more effective antibiotics, many modalities of intestinal preparation preoperatively have been used in an effort to reduce the number of infectious complications.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] taken together, rcp pretreatment had beneficial effects on the maintenance of t-cell balance against hydrocortisone disturbance in mice and potential to be developed into novel functional food.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] overall, all ca salts increased resistance towards salmonella.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] ca supplement-induced changes on faecal lactobacilli and enterobacteria were studied before infection.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] the results showed that rcp pretreatment could maintain the homeostasis of cd8+ t cells, tregs, th17 cells, tnf-α, il-1β and il-10 in hydrocortisone-treated mice.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] these findings suggest that high-level protection can be achieved if individuals living close to cholera cases are living in a high coverage ring.

Does the preparation "CAPS immu" from Ringana reduce the risk of infections in healthy people? [SEP] furthermore, rcp pretreatment maintained the immune balance of cd4+/cd8+ t cells, th1/th2 cells, tregs/th17 cells, il-10/tnf-α and il-10/il-1β. |||

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] extracts obtained from grape seeds have similarly been associated with cognitive benefits in older adults.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] the aim of this review is to discuss the accumulating evidence that suggests that grape extracts and purified grape polyphenols possess a diverse array of biological actions and may be beneficial in the prevention of some inflammatory-mediated diseases including cardiovascular disease.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] the major polyphenols in grape seed have been shown to have beneficial health effects in the prevention of dyslipidemia and cardiovascular diseases.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] this review discusses some of the evidence favoring the consumption of grape extracts rich in polyphenols in the prevention of cardiovascular disease.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] epidemiological and clinical studies suggest that grapes and grape-derived products may reduce the risk for chronic disease.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] the biological and chemopreventive activities of grape seed polyphenols have been demonstrated, while similar information regarding crude polyphenolic extracts from whole grapes and their components (pulp plus skin, seeds), particularly the seedless varieties, is lacking.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] grape seed extract specifically has been gaining interest due to its reported ability to prevent weight gain, moderate hyperglycemia, and reduce inflammation.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] proanthocyanidins, extracted from grape seeds, are widely used mainly as nutritional supplements.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] consumption of grape and grape extracts and/or grape products such as red wine may be beneficial in preventing the development of chronic degenerative diseases such as cardiovascular disease.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] a question worth addressing is the potential of dietary grape consumption to positively modulate human health.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] the results of our studies indicate a lack of toxicity and support the use of proanthocyanidin-rich extract from grape seeds for various foods.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] red grape seed extract containing proanthocyanidins and other antioxidants are being used as nutritional supplements by many health conscious individuals.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] the aim of this research was to investigate whether a highly purified grape seed-derived polyphenol extract was associated with cognitive benefits in healthy young adults following a single acute dose, and chronically following repeated daily dosage over 12 weeks.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] antioxidant and antiplatelet properties of grape products are thought to be responsible for observed antiatherosclerotic effects.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] the results suggest that the chemopreventive activity of polyphenols extracted from seedless grape cultivars was as effective as that of the seeded variety and these may have beneficial effects in disease states, especially cancer.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] in this present study, we investigated the cholesterol-lowering activity of three major polyphenolic compounds found in grape seed.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] grape seed proanthocyanidins (gsps) have been demonstrated to possess a wide range of health beneficial properties.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] after 12 weeks, the lower dose of grape seed extract was more effective at inhibiting fat gain and improving glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] grape seed proanthocyanidin extract (gspe), as one of the most popular natural drug extracted from the grape, has been reported to improve endothelial function and arteriosclerosis.

Do extracts from grape seeds have a health-promoting effect? [SEP] these findings suggest that grape seed extract can prevent early changes in glucose tolerance and alter small intestinal gut microbiota, prior to the onset of skeletal muscle metabolic derangements, when grape seed extract is consumed at a low dose in the context of a moderately high fat diet. |||

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] some anecdotal evidence and a few published reports have attributed amelioration of inflammatory skin conditions to the topical application of magnesium.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] in this paper we review possible pathways for penetration of magnesium ions through the epidermis to reach the circulation, in turn replenishing cellular magnesium levels.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] in addition to oral supplementation, topical magnesium application is another conventional form of magnesium delivery for the treatment of skin diseases and muscle inflammation.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] upon topical application of magnesium solution, we found that magnesium penetrates through human stratum corneum and it depends on concentration and time of exposure.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] our primary aim in this study was to estimate the extent of magnesium ion permeation through human skin and the role of hair follicles in facilitating the permeation.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] the product is a potent ingredient for producing dermal magnesium products.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] topical magnesium delivery is one of the oldest forms of therapy for skin diseases, for example dead sea therapy and epsom salt baths.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] if used in recommended doses with close monitoring, magnesium is a safe and effective medication.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] magnesium has been used as an adjuvant by various routes, including intravenous, intrathecal, and epidural in different dosage regimens.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] magnesium (mg) has been developed as a drug with various clinical uses.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] magnesium is an essential element involved in various biochemical processes in the human body.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] we evaluated the efficacy of intravenous infusion of 1 gram of magnesium sulfate (mgso4) for the treatment of patients with headaches and attempted to correlate clinical responses to the basal serum ionized magnesium (img2+) level.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] intrathecal magnesium has been found to prolong the duration of analgesia in various surgical procedures like lower limb surgeries and as adjuncts to general anesthesia for pain management.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] magnesium can act as an adjuvant in analgesia due to its properties of calcium channel blocker and n-methyl-d-aspartate antagonist.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] subcutaneous infiltration of magnesium along with local anaesthetic prolongs the analgesic efficacy of local anaesthetic and is not associated with any significant adverse effects.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] we conducted a pilot study to evaluate appropriate methods for assessing responses to the ingestion of oral magnesium supplements, including ionized magnesium in whole blood (img2+) concentration, serum total magnesium concentration, and total urinary magnesium content.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] magnesium, an n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonist and calcium-channel blocker, has previously been investigated for its analgesic properties.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] on the other hand, transport of magnesium ions across the protective barrier of skin, the stratum corneum, is contentious.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] there is some evidence that magnesium, when infused into asthmatic patients, can produce bronchodilation in addition to that obtained from standard treatments.

Is the administration of magnesium through the skin effective? [SEP] overall, patients receiving magnesium sulfate demonstrated nonsignificant improvements in peak expiratory flow rates (pefr) when all studies were pooled (weighted mean difference [wmd] 29 l/min, 95% ci -3 to 62). |||

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] recent clinical trials suggest that kava has therapeutic value for the treatment of anxiety.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] kava kava (piper methysticum), an herbal remedy, is widely used for the treatment of mild to moderate cases of anxiety.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] kava has several advantages over conventional pharmacologic treatments for anxiety--in clinical settings it has been associated with better tolerability and lack of physiologic dependence and withdrawal.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] herbal remedies that contain kava are used for the psychiatric treatment of anxiety and insomnia.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] kava (piper methysticum), a perennial shrub native to the south pacific islands, has been used to relieve anxiety.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] (kava), which is a widely used dietary supplement for the treatment of anxiety, insomnia, and stress.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] kava and kava extracts have shown great potential as a way to minimize anxiety-associated symptoms and to help alleviate pain.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] kava has been introduced into the mainstream u.s. market principally as an anti-anxiety preparation.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] kava extract (piper methysticum) is a phytotherapic mainly used for the treatment of anxiety.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] the data support the safety of kava in treating anxiety at 280 mg kava lactones/day for 4 weeks.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] in this report, the safety profile for kava is provided, including findings from a study of its use in generalized anxiety disorder.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] although the reported effects of kava drinking improving psychotic symptoms of patients when it was introduced to relieve anxiety in aboriginal communities, its effects on models of psychosis-like symptoms are not investigated.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] kava is a plant traditionally used for making beverages in pacific basin countries and has been used for the treatment of nervous disorders in the united states.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] kava and valerian are herbal remedies, claimed to have anxiolytic and sedative properties respectively, without dependence potential or any appreciable side-effects.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] growing research indicates that kava most likely alters concentrations of coadministered psychotropics possibly by inhibiting cytochrome p450 enzymes.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] although there is evidence that kava may possess some anxiolytic properties, kava's mechanism of action and the extent to which it may serve as an alternative to pharmaceutical anxiolytics are not fully known.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] kava extract produced statistically significant dose-dependent anxiolytic-like behavioral changes in both assays of anxiolysis.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] kava extract exhibited anxiolytic effects in plus maze test, increased the locomotor activity of mice in open field test and decreased mao-a (in cortex) and mao-b (in hippocampus) activity of mice.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] in this pilot study, 24 patients suffering from stress-induced insomnia were treated for 6 weeks with kava 120 mg daily.

Do kava kava supplements help with anxiety disorders? [SEP] potential enhanced cognition may be attributed to the ability of kava to inhibit re-uptake of noradrenaline in the pre-frontal cortex, while increased body sway may be due to gaba pathway modulation. |||

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] airborne ultrasound has been used for various purposes, including object detection and pest repellent systems.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] ultrasounds are widely used at industrial scale for cleaning of mechanical pieces for example.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] ultrasound has potential to be used for disinfection, and its antimicrobial effectiveness can be enhanced in presence of natural compounds.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] the objective of the study was to present the current state of the art on the harmful effects of low-frequency airborne ultrasound on people, especially in occupational settings.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] we found a similar synergistic effect of ultrasound and disinfectant in positions with low cavitation.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] background: ultrasonic cleaners are used for fine cleaning of medical devices, removing soil from joints, crevices, lumens, and other areas that are difficult to clean using other methods.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] ultrasound technologies have a wide range of hospital and dental applications which include cleaning and disinfection of surgical and dental instruments.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] ultrasound technology makes it possible to intensify the phenomena of diffusion and washing by the effect of cavitation and improves effectiveness of traditional washing treatments.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] ultrasonication for 60 min alone did not cause a significant killing of the bacteria and yeast.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] in addition, it is possible that certain photosensitizers will enhance the antitumor effects of ultrasound.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] the safety of exposure to airborne ultrasound has been studied as its use has increased.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] ultrasonic cleaners are a valued aid to instrument cleaning in many general dental practices.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] the transvaginal ultrasound probes used in two groups of 160 patients were compared in a prospective controlled study regarding the effectiveness of manual low-level disinfection (mikrozid sensitive wipes) and automated disinfection using ultraviolet c radiation (antigermix as1).

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] the key role in the action of ultrasound in cleaning of instruments and perhaps in enhanced disinfection is played by cavitation phenomena.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] this paper describes results from a uk survey of disinfection of ultrasound transducers and hygiene practice in the workplace.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] this work aimed to improve traditional textile finishing processes thanks to ultrasound.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] although instruments are visibly clean after ultrasonic cleaning and generally clean when viewed with an electron microscope, ultrasound alone is insufficient for sterilisation.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] ultrasound has recently been applied to the treatment as well as the diagnosis of various pathologies, and its antitumor effects in the treatment of human cancer and experimental models of cancer have been demonstrated.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] combined ultrasound and citral treatments improved the bacterial inactivation in simulated wash water in presence of organic matter or during washing of inoculated blueberries but only additive antimicrobial effects were observed.

Do ultrasound devices help against dust mites? [SEP] industrial ultrasound processes need further optimisation on industrial machines. |||

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] we evaluated whether the early introduction of allergenic foods in the diet of breast-fed infants would protect against the development of food allergy.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] recent findings suggest that an early exposure to dietary antigens may be more protective towards allergy than a later introduction even in high-risk infants.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] overall early exposure to allergenic foods in the infant's diet is a new strategy for preventing food allergy to that allergen, but the optimal timing of exposure for different allergens is not known.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] this review focuses on the timing of food introduction as a preventative strategy for food allergy and also discusses other aspects of the infant diet that may provide opportunities for prevention of atopic disease.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] recent research also appears to suggest that early introduction of potentially allergenic foods (at 4 to 6 months of age) might actually provide a form of protection and help prevent allergy, but more research is needed.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] the conventional wisdom is that early exposure to allergenic food proteins during pregnancy, lactation, or infancy leads to food allergies, and that prevention strategies should therefore aim to eliminate allergenic food proteins during pregnancy, breastfeeding, and early childhood.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] introduction of allergenic solid foods, especially peanut and hen's egg reduces the risk of food allergy development in early childhood.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] answer there is no evidence that delaying the introduction of any specific food beyond 6 months of age helps to prevent allergy.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] exposure to cow's milk protein in the first 3 months of life was associated with a reduced risk of cow's milk allergy.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] question i have been under the impression that infants should avoid potential allergenic foods such as nuts, cow's milk, and eggs in order to avoid developing allergic reactions.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] high-risk infants feeding exclusively on breast milk and/or extensively hydrolysed formula (ehf) combined with avoidance of cow's milk proteins and solid foods during at least the first 4 months of life are found to have a significant reduction in the cumulative incidence of food allergy, especially cow's milk protein allergy/intolerance (cmpa/cmpi), in the first 4 years of life.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] in high risk infants, a combined approach, where breastfeeding with maternal avoidance of highly allergenic foods, supplemented by extensively hydrolysed formula during the first 6 months of life, in addition to the delayed introduction of solid foods, has been shown to reduce the development of food allergy in infants.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] a delayed introduction of solids (past 4 or 6 months) was not associated with decreased odds for asthma, allergic rhinitis, or sensitization against food or inhalant allergens at 6 years of age.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] infant feeding guidelines have long recommended delaying introduction of solids and allergenic foods to prevent allergy in high-risk infants, despite a paucity of evidence.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] we aimed to examine the relationship between exposure to cow's milk protein in the first 3 months of life and risk of cow's milk allergy at age 12 months.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] we recruited, from the general population, 1303 exclusively breast-fed infants who were 3 months of age and randomly assigned them to the early introduction of six allergenic foods (peanut, cooked egg, cow's milk, sesame, whitefish, and wheat; early-introduction group) or to the current practice recommended in the united kingdom of exclusive breast-feeding to approximately 6 months of age (standard-introduction group).

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] changes in infant feeding guidelines could have a significant effect on childhood egg allergy and possibly food allergy more generally.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] this study investigates whether a delayed introduction of solids (past 4 or 6 months) is protective against the development of eczema, asthma, allergic rhinitis, and food or inhalant sensitization at the age of 6 years.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] early exposure to cow's milk protein was associated with a reduced risk of cow's milk sensitization (adjusted odds ratio [aor] 0.44, 95% confidence interval [ci] 0.23-0.83), parent-reported reactions to cow's milk (aor 0.44, 95% ci 0.29-0.67), and cow's milk allergy (aor 0.31, 95% ci 0.10-0.91) at age 12 months.

Does the risk of food allergy decrease if babies are fed potentially allergenic foods (cow's milk, peanuts, chicken egg) as late as possible for the first time? [SEP] specifically, new guidelines suggest early ingestion of peanut as a means to prevent peanut allergy. |||

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] fish and seafood may play an important role for nutrition and food security as they contain essential vitamins, minerals, and essential fatty acids.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] this new method was considered as fit-for-purpose and applied for the analysis of customised fish feed containing wheat gluten, soy, or pea protein concentrate as well as salmon and zebrafish fed on diets with these ingredients for a period of up to eight weeks.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] atlantic salmon were fed diets where fo was partly (80%) replaced with three different vos; rapeseed oil (ro), olive oil (oo) or soy bean oil (so).

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] the purpose of this study is to determine response of dietary substitution of fishmeal with silkworm pupae meal, promate meal®, meat and bone meal and/or their combination on the performance of juvenile olive flounder.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] they consisted of smoked fish: whitefish, butterfish, sprat, trout, herring (kippers) and mackerel, and frozen fish: butterfish, norwegian salmon, sole, grenadier and panga.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] presently, plant materials including wheat and legumes make up the largest part of aquafeeds, so evaluation of the transfer capabilities of typical toxic metabolites from plant-infesting fungi and of vegetable phytoestrogens into fish products is of great importance.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] on average, people ate fish in about 10 meals a week, chicken for eight meals, and shrimp and pork for about six meals each.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] including 100 g of sardine or anchovy (whole fish) in the diet, would contribute substantially to the rni for vitamin b12, vitamin d and vitamin a, epa and dha as well as the minerals iodine, zinc, and calcium.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] the present work tested fishmeal replacement by a mixture of plant meals at different levels, as well as the use of marine by-products with attractant properties and high-quality protein in high plant protein diets.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] to determine niacin content in sea fish that are commonly available on the polish market and to assess whether this dietary source is sufficient to satisfy the rda requirements for various age groups of selected subjects living in poland.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] with the aim of evaluating long-term effects of vegetable diets on growth and intestinal status of the on-growing gilthead seabream (initial weight = 129 g), three experimental diets were tested: a strict plant protein-based diet (vm), a fishmeal based diet (fm) and a plant protein-based diet with 15% of marine ingredients (squid and krill meal) alternative to fishmeal (vm+).

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] both from a health and sustainability perspective, however, it is important to consider the optimum number of fish servings per week and to examine whether fish and plant protein can be brought under the same heading of alternative protein sources.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] the objective of this work was to study the effects of partial substitution of fish meal with lupin and rapeseed meals on gut microbiota of the gilthead sea bream (sparus aurata) and in goldfish (carassius auratus).

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] all the analyzed fish species were good dietary sources of several vitamins and minerals and whole fish were substantially more nutrient dense than fillet samples, especially with regard to vitamin a, iodine, zinc, calcium, and iron.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] as expected, fish and shellfish played an important role in their daily diets.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] fish has several benefits that make it a desirable part of a healthy diet.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] the results are in line with current dutch recommendations that encourage consumers to eat one serving of fish per week and that stimulate those who already eat more than one serving of fish to replace the rest by plant-based protein sources.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] these results support the strategy of developing eco-innovative biofortified farmed fish using sustainable, natural, safe and high-quality ingredients in feeds, to enable consumers to overcome nutritional deficiencies without significantly increased feed costs.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] the results showed that the hypothesis needed to be nuanced: fish consumption was associated exclusively with affinity with spicy meals based on authentic plant protein sources (e.g.

for fish, sesame, wheat? [SEP] the aim of this study was to describe the nutrient composition, including fatty acids, amino acids, vitamins, and minerals, in commonly consumed fish species (fillet- and whole fish samples) sampled off the northwest african coast. |||

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] anti-inflammatory effects of tea have also been depicted in the available literature.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] are popular herbal remedies to relieve fever and inflammation.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] taken together, our data indicate that black tea has potential anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory action and this corroborates with the current trend of tea being promoted as a 'health drink'.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] black tea decoction (10% and 20%) strength has shown significant anti-inflammatory effects (64.8% and 77% reduction, respectively), on carrageenan-induced acute inflammatory models (rat paw edema) which can be comparable with the standard drug indomethacin (89.1%).

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] in a chronic anti-inflammatory model, black tea decoction (10% and 20%) has shown significant suppressive effects on rat paw edema (38.56% and 69.53%) observed on 21(st) day.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] acute anti-inflammatory activity of tea decoction was evaluated using carrageenan and dextran whereas chronic anti-inflammatory (immunomodulatory) effects were evaluated in a complete freunds' adjuvant-induced arthritis model.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] tea, an extract of the leaves of the plant camellia sinensis, has been considered a medicine and healthful beverage for ages.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] the effects are attributed to salicin and structurally related phenolic metabolites, while polyphenols including procyanidins are suggested to contribute to the overall effect of willow bark.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] extracts of the bark of willow species (salix spp.)

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] therefore, we designed this study to examine the potential immunemodulatory and anti-inflammatory activities of black tea in a rat model and in human peripheral mononuclear cells.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] tea (camellia sinensis) has well-known health benefits, which are attributed to its polyphenolic metabolites.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] herbal tea is a commonly consumed beverage brewed from the leaves, flowers, seeds, fruits, stems and roots of plants species rather than camellia sinensis l., which has been widely used for health care and diseases prevention for centuries.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] the purpose of the study was to determine (1) evaluation of anti-inflammatory effects of black tea on rats, (2) evaluation of immunemodulator effects of black tea on rats, and (3) evaluation of immunemodulator effects of black tea on human peripheral mononuclear cells.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] tea consumption has protective influence on bp and presence of hypertension.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] the plant is also used to manufacture a sweet herbal infusion used for restorative properties such as soothing coughs and alleviating bronchial complaints including tuberculosis, pneumonia, and catarrh.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] biologic studies have suggested that tea may have neuroprotective activity.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] this research suggests that tea offers an attractive potential strategy to regulate postprandial hyperglycemia toward an overall dietary support for type 2 diabetes management.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] the health promoting properties of tea have been attributed to its antioxidative polyphenolic constituents and their oxidative products.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] taken together, our findings suggest for the first time that 2,3-trans procyanidins may contribute not only to the beneficial effects of willow bark but also to health-promoting benefits of diverse natural products of plant origin.

Can willow bark tea help with inflammation, pain or fever? [SEP] the beneficial effects of tea are thought to be due to its polyphenolic components. |||

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] evidence exists that a more acidic diet is detrimental to bone health.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] while it is clear that a high acid-producing diet generates increased urinary acid and calcium excretion, the effect of diet does not always have the expected results on bmd, fracture risk and markers of bone formation and resorption, suggesting that other factors are influencing the effect of acid/alkali loading on bone.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] high dietary acid load may be detrimental to bone mineral density (bmd), although sufficient calcium intake might neutralize this effect.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] we hypothesize that a slight, but significant, metabolic acidosis leads to greater loss of bone mineral and increase potential to fracture.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] acidosis-induced increases in cortisol secretion and plasma concentration may play a role in mild acidosis-induced alterations in bone metabolism and possibly in osteoporosis associated with an acidogenic western diet.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] this hypothesis posits that foods associated with an increased urinary acid excretion are deleterious for the skeleton, leading to osteoporosis and enhanced fragility fracture risk.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] imbalance between dietary acid and base precursors leads to a chronic net dietary acid load that may have adverse consequences on bone.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] these results suggest that, with a possible exception of older men, dietary acid load does not have a measureable negative effect on bone health, regardless of total calcium intake.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] a causal association between dietary acid load and osteoporotic bone disease is not supported by evidence and there is no evidence that an alkaline diet is protective of bone health.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] an acidogenic western diet results in mild metabolic acidosis in association with a state of cortisol excess, altered divalent ion metabolism, and increased bone resorptive indices.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] it is known that a dietary acid load is harmful to bone, and sulfur-containing amino acids are metabolized to provide such an acid load.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] acidifying constituents such as animal proteins may negatively affect calcium metabolism and accelerate bone resorption, thus representing an aggravating factor for osteoporosis.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] notwithstanding this questionable role of bone mineral in systemic acid-base equilibrium, not only in ckd but even more in the absence of renal impairment, it is postulated that, in healthy individuals, foods, particularly those containing animal protein, would induce 'latent' acidosis and result, in the long run, in osteoporosis.thus, a questionable interpretation of data from patients with ckd and the subsequent extrapolation to healthy subjects converted a hypothesis into nutritional recommendations for the prevention of osteoporosis.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] chronic acid loads result in hypercalciuria and negative calcium balance often associated with loss of bone mineral.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] on the basis of observations that calcium retention and inhibition of bone resorption result from alkali administration, it is assumed that the acid load inherent in this diet is responsible for increased bone resorption and calcium loss from bone.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] on a more chronic basis metabolic acidosis alters bone cell function; there is an increase in osteoclastic bone resorption and a decrease in osteoblastic bone formation.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] in vitro studies demonstrate that bone is degraded in an acidic environment due to chemical reactions and through effects on bone cells.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] the findings suggest that the critical determinant of hip fracture risk in relation to the acid-base effects of diet is the net load of acid in the diet, when the intake of both acid and base precursors is considered.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] the objective of this systematic review was to evaluate causal relationships between dietary acid load and osteoporosis using hill's criteria.

Can a supposedly "high acid" diet weaken bones? [SEP] it has been discussed in the literature that conditions associated with decreased stomach acidity may lead to a decrease in intestinal calcium absorption and, consequently, to an increased fracture risk. |||

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] this review looks at the role of an alkaline diet in health.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] there may be some value in considering an alkaline diet in reducing morbidity and mortality from chronic diseases and further studies are warranted in this area of medicine.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] alkali-enriched diets are recommended for humans to diminish the net acid load of their usual diet.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] we summarize recent studies and discuss a mechanism whereby alkali therapy may neutralize acid production associated with typical western diets, which generate acid.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] several studies suggest that neutralizing acid load in the diet with alkali had favorable effects on intermediate markers of musculoskeletal health.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] we hypothesized that (1) a normal-protein diet with high amount of vegetables and fruits (hv) induces more alkaline acid-base balance compared with a high-protein diet with no vegetables and fruits (hp) and (2) diet composition has a greater impact on acid-base balance in the elderly (eld).

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] there is increasing evidence that alkali therapy can retard progression of chronic kidney disease (ckd).

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] the public is advised by various media to follow an alkaline diet to lower their acidic ion intakes.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] within a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial we tested the hypotheses that (1) a 4-week protein-rich diet induces a latent tissue acidosis and (2) an alkaline supplement can compensate this.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] however, alkaline supplementation improved systemic and tissue acid-base parameters and oxidative glucose metabolism.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] a causal association between dietary acid load and osteoporotic bone disease is not supported by evidence and there is no evidence that an alkaline diet is protective of bone health.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] here we explore the role of nutritional alkali in experimentally induced chronic metabolic acidosis.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] this review defines the relationship between dietary lifestyle and acid-base balance and discusses the potential consequences of diet-induced acidosis and cancer occurrence or progression.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] in conclusion, the increasing dietary acid load in the contemporary diet can lead to a disruption in acid-alkaline homeostasis in various body compartments and eventually result in chronic disease through repeated borrowing of the body's alkaline reserves.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] in response, alkaline diets and products are marketed to avoid or counteract this acid, help the body regulate its ph to prevent and cure disease.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] we systematically searched published literature for randomized intervention trials, prospective cohort studies, and meta-analyses of the acid-ash or acid-base diet hypothesis with bone-related outcomes, in which the diet acid load was altered, or an alkaline diet or alkaline salts were provided, to healthy human adults.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] dietary lifestyles can alter systemic acid-base balance over time.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] we conducted a case-control study to investigate the effects of alkalization therapy, consisting of an alkaline diet with supplementary oral sodium bicarbonate, in patients with metastatic or recurrent pancreatic cancer (study registration no.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] we emphasize the rationale for using alkali therapy early in the course of ckd, even in the absence of overt metabolic acidosis, and we urge the pharmaceutical industry to develop palatable alkali-containing solutions.

Does a supposedly "alkaline-rich" diet prevent chronic diseases? [SEP] herein, we investigated the effects of an alkalizing or acidizing diet on high-intensity performance and associated metabolic parameters in normoxia and hypoxia. |||

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] for decades psychiatrists have been looking for biological state markers measurable by easy blood test in order to follow up and predict early on treatment response in patients with major depression.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] objective: transcriptomic biomarkers of psychiatric diseases obtained from a query of peripheral tissues that are clinically accessible (e.g., blood cells instead of post-mortem brain tissue) have substantial practical appeal to discern the molecular subtypes of common complex diseases such as major psychosis.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] background: at present, laboratory blood tests to support major depressive disorder (mdd) diagnosis are not available.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] these results suggest analysis of a blood-based gene expression signature with the supervised classifier, anns, might be a diagnostic tool for schizophrenia.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] generally, physical examination and blood analysis are a part of basic psychiatric differential diagnostics, whereas more sophisticated procedures (for example, brain imaging) are applied only in cases with pathologic diagnostic findings.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] immunological and vascular markers may play a role in the pathophysiology of mood disorders and mood changes.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] we used a bioinformatics approach to examine whether the gene expression signature in whole blood contains enough information to make a specific diagnosis of schizophrenia.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] tests with potential clinical utility in affective illness (unipolar and bipolar depression and mania), panic disorder, and schizophrenia are discussed.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] we measured the fluorescence intensity of a dye sensitive to membrane potential in whole blood samples from bipolar i, unipolar, schizophrenic patients, and psychiatrically normal controls.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] over the past decade, psychiatric research has been on an important hunt for biomarkers of psychiatric disease.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] we propose, and provide proof of principle for, an approach to help identify blood biomarkers for mood state.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] these results indicate that the membrane potential of blood cells can be used as a diagnostic marker to augment the dsm-iv diagnosis of bipolar disorder i.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] this paper aims to consolidate the many opinions on the search for psychiatric biomarkers to suggest key methodological and clinical challenges that psychiatric biomarker research faces.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] however, there is a risk of false positives with the mdq, as it does not clearly differentiate between symptoms of mania and drug intoxication.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] the objective of this study was to develop a diagnostic blood test for bipolar disorder i using membrane potentials as biological markers.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] neurobiologic research has discovered a number of abnormalities that might serve as biologic markers for specific psychiatric disorders.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] thus, blood levels of different transcript panels may identify the depressed from the nondepressed among primary care patients, during a depressive episode or in remission, or follow and predict response to cbt in depressed individuals.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] our studies suggest that blood biomarkers may offer an unexpectedly informative window into brain functioning and disease state.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] biochemical studies of manic-depressive psychosis usually correlates biochemical findings with current affective state and hence any significant findings could be secondary to mood change.

Can a blood test detect mental illness? [SEP] conclusions: to our knowledge, this is the first blood-based spliceome-profiling study of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder to be reported. |||

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] injuries to the anterior cruciate ligament (acl) are currently treated with replacement of the torn ligament with a graft of tendon harvested from elsewhere in the knee.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] whether surgical or conservative treatment is more effective in allowing patients to return to physical activity after anterior cruciate ligament (acl) injury is controversial.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] anterior cruciate ligament (acl) injuries are currently treated by removing the injured ligament and replacing it with a tendon graft.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] evaluation of the effect of surgical treatment compared with conservative treatment of anterior cruciate ligament (acl) rupture.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] anterior cruciate ligament (acl) tears can either be treated nonoperatively with physical therapy and then treated operatively if persistent instability is present, or be directly treated operatively.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] the kanon (knee anterior cruciate ligament, non-surgical versus surgical treatment) randomized controlled trial compared rehabilitation plus early acl reconstruction (aclr) to rehabilitation plus optional delayed aclr and found no difference at 2 years by an intention-to-treat analysis of total knee injury and osteoarthritis outcome score (koos) results.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] an initial anterior cruciate ligament (acl) tear can be treated with surgical reconstruction or focused rehabilitation.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] the current gold standard for the treatment of an anterior cruciate ligament (acl) rupture is reconstruction with tendon graft.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] the standard treatment of acl injury remains ligament reconstruction followed by a postoperative physiotherapeutic procedure.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] advantages of early acl reconstruction surgery include shorter time from injury to surgery and potentially fewer meniscal injuries, but performing early acl reconstruction in all patients results in surgery in patients who might not need acl reconstruction.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] anterior cruciate ligament (acl) reconstruction using tendon or ligament autograft is the gold standard surgical treatment for acute ruptures; however, this is still associated with subsequent problems and variable outcomes.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] we compared anterior cruciate ligament function in skeletally mature patients after treatment of tibial eminence fractures with that of patients in two other groups: patients who had anterior cruciate ligament deficiency and patients who had undergone anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction using bone-patellar tendon-bone autografts.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] one quasi-randomised trial of 167 people with a complete acl rupture treated with repair or augmented repair versus conservative treatment found no difference in the return to sports activities between people treated surgically and those treated conservatively.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] this study revealed that competitive athletes who underwent reconstruction at a subacute stage after the anterior cruciate ligament injury had a higher activity level 2-5.5 years after the index operation, as well as a higher desired level of activity compared to athletes who had the reconstruction delayed by 12-24 months.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] anterior cruciate ligament (acl) rupture is a common ligamentous injury that often requires surgery because the acl does not heal well without intervention.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] renewed interest in healing of injured acl tissue has led to new surgical repair techniques.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] rehabilitation after repair of the anterior cruciate ligament (acl) is complicated by the loss of leg muscle mass and strength.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to compare the clinical outcome of anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction done with a double-bundle technique with use of a quadriceps tendon-bone autograft and that of a single-bundle reconstruction with use of a bone-patellar tendon-bone autograft in patients with generalized ligamentous laxity.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] it is important to assess in which patients nonoperative treatment is successful and which patients will require acl reconstruction and thus might be better treated surgically in an earlier phase.

Is surgery for an anterior cruciate ligament tear (by replacing the broken anterior cruciate ligament with tendon tissue from another part of the leg) followed by physical therapy better than physical therapy alone? [SEP] a standard treatment option for acl complete rupture in active young patients is debridement of remnant tissue and reconstruction with various types of tendon graft. |||

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] a review of treatment options for menstrual migraine.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] an anecdotal survey in our clinical practices suggested that milnacipran, a drug indicated for the treatment of fibromyalgia, reduced the incidence of headache in patients with migraine.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] motherwort has been used as medicinal herb for many years in both china and europe.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] most epidemiological studies demonstrate that women suffering from migraine note a significant improvement in their headaches during pregnancy.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] most epidemiological studies demonstrate that women suffering from migraine note significant improvement of their headaches during pregnancy.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] these women may respond to hormonal interventions, which may reduce the frequency of menstrual migraines, thereby lessening the need for abortive migraine therapies, decreasing migraine-related disability, and improving quality of life.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] oc use can result in worsening, improvement, or no change in a woman's migraine.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] acute and preventive treatment of migraine during pregnancy and lactation is discussed, with an emphasis on safety to the fetus and nursing infant.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] migraine is a common headache disorder that affects mostly women.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] migraine often, but not always, improves during pregnancy.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] motherwort (yimucao), a traditional chinese herb, has been shown beneficial effects for women's diseases.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] we design and perform a randomized controlled clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy of acupuncture compared with naproxen in menstrual-related migraine patients.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] however, treatment of motherwort ethanol extract in vivo markedly suppressed the development of uterine adenomyosis and mammary cancers in mice.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] acupuncture may be a choice for menstrual-related migraine, when pharmacological prophylaxis is not suitable.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] we hypothesized that these beneficial effects of motherwort may be related to angiogenesis.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] labetalol was tried successfully in reducing the frequency, duration, and intensity of migraine attacks in a pregnant woman with preeclampsia.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] in particular, chinese motherwort has been commonly used to treat disorders of mammary gland in chinese traditional medicine (tcm).

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] chinese motherwort aqueous extract (mae)was previously reported to have anti-cancer activity in breast cancer cells with low potency (ic50s in a range of 8-40 mg/ml).

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] a fixed-dose combination tablet containing sumatriptan and naproxen sodium significantly improved patient satisfaction, productivity, and restoration of normal functioning in menstrual migraineurs with dysmenorrhea.

Can motherwort reduce migraine attacks? [SEP] ), and chinese patent medicines derived from motherwort, alleviate postpartum uterine subinvolution, as well as the effects on myocardial and cerebral ischemic injuries. |||

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] despite growing acknowledgement that bedpartners are important determinants of sleep quality, few studies have explored mental health as a risk factor for disrupted sleep of the bedpartner.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] we examined whether anxiety or depression symptoms predicted an individual's sleep or their bedpartner's sleep, in couples where one partner experienced insomnia and in couples without sleep disorders.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] these data underscore the importance of considering sleep, the bedpartner, and affective symptoms in mental health and sleep assessments.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] this study aimed to examine the impact of bedtime procrastination on depression symptoms among medical students.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] greater anxiety symptoms predicted increased vulnerability to being woken by their bedpartner, as well as increased frequency of waking their bedpartner up during the night in patients with insomnia, but not in non-sleep-disordered couples.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] cognitive intrusions following stress creates a depressogenic mindset, and nocturnal wakefulness may augment the effects of cognitive arousal on depression development.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] binary logistic regression analysis identified that bedtime procrastination was an independent contributor to the prevalence of depression symptoms.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] sleep disorders and the use of sleep medication are major health issues.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] poor sleep has harmful physical and cognitive effects, and an evidence-based intervention to improve sleep is needed.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] bedtime procrastination is considered a new, important predictor of sleep deficiency.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] anxiety may help reveal social determinants of sleep in couples experiencing insomnia.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] we also discuss whether the rem sleep changes in depression may contribute themselves to the development of central symptoms of depression such as cognitive distortions including negative self-esteem and the overnight consolidation of negatively toned emotional memories.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] actor-partner interdependence models assessed whether anxiety or depression symptoms predicted individual or dyadic sleep (wake transmission).

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] fifty-two bed-sharing couples where one individual had insomnia ("patient"), and 55 non-sleep-disordered couples completed the beck anxiety inventory, patient health questionnaire-9, and insomnia severity index (isi).

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] in particular, the severity of depression symptoms shows a positive correlation with increased bedtime procrastination before developing into depression, and it shows correlation with sex only in a state of depression.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] since complaints about sleep disturbances are subjective phenomena, the aim of the present study was to investigate which sleep complaints and self-reported disturbances of sleep behavior are connected with the utilization of sleep medication.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] as treatable behaviors, nighttime wakefulness and cognitive arousal may be targeted to reduce risk for depression in poor sleepers.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] we examined whether nocturnal insomnia symptoms and stress-induced cognitive intrusions predicted depression 1y and 2y later.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] during high stress, individuals having difficulty falling or staying asleep may be vulnerable to cognitive intrusions after stressful events, given that the inability to sleep creates a period of unstructured and socially isolated time in bed.

Does metal in bed disturb sleep? [SEP] however, whether there is a correlation between bedtime procrastination and depression symptoms remains unclear. |||

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] thermal ablation is a novel treatment alternative for benign thyroid nodules, and one of the most promising thermal ablation techniques is radiofrequency ablation (rfa).

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] thermal ablation (ta) procedures, such as radiofrequency ablation and laser ablation, are used for the treatment of benign thyroid nodules.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] background: thermal ablation is a minimally invasive technique that is gradually acknowledged as an effective alternative to surgery to treat thyroid nodules.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] image-guided thermal ablations are commonly used in the treatment of thyroid nodules.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] minimally invasive image-guided thermal ablation has been proposed as alternative to surgery for treatment of benign thyroid nodules and recurrent differentiated thyroid carcinoma.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] radiofrequency ablation is an effective and well tolerated treatment option for benign thyroid nodules.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] nonsurgical minimally invasive ablative therapy such as radiofrequency ablation (rfa) has been reported to be a safe and efficient treatment option in managing symptomatic cold thyroid nodules or hyperfunctioning thyroid nodules.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] radiofrequency ablation (rfa) has been recently advocated as an effective technique for the treatment of symptomatic benign thyroid nodules.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] thermal radiofrequency ablation is a relatively new, minimally invasive modality employed as an alternative to surgery in patients with benign thyroid nodules and recurrent thyroid cancers.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] objective: to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the two main techniques (rfa and laser ablation) for the treatment of benign thyroid nodules.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] several minimally invasive thermal techniques have been developed for the treatment of benign thyroid nodules.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] radiofrequency ablation has been shown to be an alternative to surgery in the treatment of benign thyroid nodules.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] radiofrequency ablation of autonomously functioning thyroid nodules effectively improves thyroid function and reduces nodule volume.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] this study is the first to compare the effectiveness of laser-induced thermotherapy and radiofrequency ablation of thyroid tissue.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] the aim of this study was to assess whether high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu), a new and promising method for the treatment of benign hot and cold thyroid nodules using thermal ablation, has an impact on thyroid function, and to evaluate its feasibility in outpatient settings.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] in several uncontrolled clinical trials and in two randomized clinical trials, laser ablation has demonstrated a good efficacy and safety for the shrinkage of benign cold thyroid nodules.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] here we aimed to obtain solid evidence of the long-term efficacy of rfa and laser ablation in benign non-functioning solid thyroid nodules (bnfstn).

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] alternative minimally invasive treatment options such as radiofrequency ablation (rfa) or laser-induced thermotherapy (litt) are at present under investigation for achieving a nonsurgical targeted cytoreduction in benign and malignant thyroid lesions.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) is a promising form of thermal ablation of benign thyroid nodules, but evidence supporting its use is scarce.

Does heat treatment (radiofrequency ablation or radiofrequency heat ablation of benign nodules of the thyroid gland work as well as conventional surgical methods? [SEP] radiofrequency ablation has been advocated as an alternative to radioiodine and/or surgery for the treatment of autonomously functioning benign thyroid nodules. |||

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] in summary, two independent studies showed enhancement of nk cell activity following administration of immulina® for seven days.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] in a separate placebo-controlled, crossover study involving 11 healthy danish subjects, we observed increased mrna expression of the nk cell marker nkg2d by 37% (p = 0.02) and by 55% (p = 0.0003) after administration of immulina® (200 mg and 400 mg per day, respectively) for seven days.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] we observed a 40% average increase in the killing of k562 tumor cells by nk cells (p < 0.01) after immulina® supplementation.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] the ability to influence an individual's immune state by administering immunoglobulin of the appropriate specificity may provide a powerful approach to disease control and prevention.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] interferon-gamma-inducing factor (igif) is a novel cytokine that stimulates t-cell proliferation, augments natural killer (nk) cell lytic activity, and induces interferon-gamma (ifn-gamma) production in established type 1 t-helper (th1) cells in the presence of anti-cd3 antibody.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] taken together, our results show that murine igif can elicit t-cell-dependent antitumor immunity associated with ifn-gamma induction.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] immunoglobulin g (igg) for intravenous use (ivig) selectively stimulates production of interleukin-1 receptor antagonist protein (il-1ra) by mononuclear cells in vitro and has been proposed to stimulate il-1ra production in vivo as part of the therapeutic effect.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] this suggests that immunisation with ifn-k is a promising new therapeutic strategy for the treatment of sle.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] in order to understand the effect of immulina® on nk cell activity, a pilot study was conducted on ten healthy north american individuals who supplemented their diet with immulina® (400 mg/day) for seven days.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] the mrna expression of the nk- and t-cell marker perforin increased by 75% (p = 0.008) after administration of 400 mg immulina® per day.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] igm preferentially enhances responses to large antigens such as erythrocytes, malaria parasites, and keyhole limpet hemocyanine.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] three days of high-dose igg infusion had no significant effect on the serum levels of il-1ra.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] stimulation of splenic b cells with polyinosinic-polycytidylic acid, a nk cell activator, also increased ig secretion by b cells from infected mice.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] taken together, these results suggest that macrophage-derived igf-1 might play an important role in the vaccine-triggered immune response by regulating immune cell homeostasis.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] we found that the increased igg2a significantly augments antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity mediated by nk cells both in vivo and in vitro.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] compared with immunoglobulin from other species, human immunoglobulin (ig) might be best for such therapeutic intervention; it might function better with the recipient's effector cells and should itself be less immunogenic.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] we have previously shown that activation of nk cells by poly(i:c) or tumor treatment of mice increases the level of antigen-specific igg2a (1, 2).

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] the in vitro induction of ifn-gamma by recombinant murine igif in these cells was more potent than that induced by murine interleukin-12 (il-12) and occurred apparently independent of murine il-12.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] ipilimumab (yervoy; medarex and bristol-myers squibb) is a human mab against cytotoxic t-lymphocyte antigen 4, which enhances co-stimulation of cytotoxic t-lymphocytes, resulting in their proliferation and an anti-tumour response.

Does Imunoglukan strengthen the immune system? [SEP] ivig, 0.01-0.5 mg/ml, increased the il-1ra liberation from mnc 10-15 times over that of untreated controls. |||

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] in the present study we reviewed the current evidence for the association between mobile phone use and risk for intracranial tumors.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] mobile phone use has been discussed over the last few decades with increased risk for intracranial tumors.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] we conducted a meta-analysis to examine the effect of cellular phone use on the risk of brain tumor development.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] in recent publications, a possible correlation between mobile phone usage and central nervous system tumours has been detected.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] the objective of this case-control study was to assess whether the use of wireless phones is associated with an increased risk of tumour at this site.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] although some case-control studies have found a positive association between the use of mobile phones and the risk of tumors, other studies have reported no significant association.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] we conducted a systematic review of scientific studies to evaluate whether the use of wireless phones is linked to an increased incidence of the brain cancer glioma or other tumors of the head (meningioma, acoustic neuroma, and parotid gland), originating in the areas of the head that most absorb radiofrequency (rf) energy from wireless phones.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] the issue of whether cell phone usage can contribute toward the development of brain tumors has recently been reignited with the international agency for research on cancer classifying radiofrequency electromagnetic fields as 'possibly' carcinogenic to humans in a who report.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] recently, the interphone epidemiological study investigated the association between the estimated radio frequency (rf) dose from mobile phones and the risk of developing a brain tumor.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] however, there is public concern about the possibility that mobile phones might cause cancer, especially brain tumors.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] there have been some reports of an association of use of these phones with brain tumours.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] methodological defcits limit the conclusions that can be drawn from the interphone study, but its results, along with those from other epidemiologic, biological, and animal studies and brain tumor incidence trends, suggest that within about 10–15 years after first use of mobile phones there is unlikely to be a material increase in the risk of brain tumors in adults.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] there was a significant correlation between number of cell phone subscriptions and brain tumors in nineteen us states (r = 0.950, p < 0.001).

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] some concern has arisen about adverse health effects of cell phones, especially the possibility that the low power microwave-frequency signal transmitted by the antennas on handsets might cause brain tumors or accelerate the growth of subclinical tumors.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] some epidemiological studies indicate that mobile phones cause glioblastomas in humans.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] in conclusion, our data add to the evidence against there being an increased risk for parotid gland tumours associated with light-to-moderate use of wireless phones and for less than 10 years of use but offers little information on risk related to more prolonged and/or heavy use.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] concern has arisen that the use of hand-held cellular telephones might cause brain tumors.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] the dramatic increase in the use of cellular phones has generated concerns about potential adverse effects, especially the development of brain tumors.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] we reviewed the evidence on whether mobile phone use raises the risk of the main types of brain tumor—glioma and meningioma—with a particular focus on the recent publication of the largest epidemiologic study yet: the 13-country interphone study.

Do cell phones promote the development and growth of tumors in the head? [SEP] these data do not support the hypothesis that the recent use of hand-held cellular telephones causes brain tumors, but they are not sufficient to evaluate the risks among long-term, heavy users and for potentially long induction periods. |||

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] despite the widespread use of bras among u.s. women and concerns in the lay media that bra wearing may increase breast cancer risk, there is a scarcity of credible scientific studies addressing this issue.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] the goal of the study was to evaluate the relationship between various bra-wearing habits and breast cancer risk among postmenopausal women.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] our results did not support an association between bra wearing and increased breast cancer risk among postmenopausal women.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] exposure of the breast to ionising radiation increases the risk of breast cancer, especially among young women.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] women with benign breast disease (bbd) have an increased risk of subsequent breast cancer.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] information on bra-wearing habits and other breast cancer risk factors was collected from study participants through in-person interviews.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] having either a history of benign breast disease, particularly atypical hyperplasia or extensive mammographic breast density, is associated with increased breast cancer risk.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] a history of proliferative benign breast disease has been shown to increase the risk of developing breast carcinoma, but, to the authors' knowledge, how postmenopausal exogenous female hormone use, in general, has affected breast carcinoma risk among women with a history of proliferative breast disease with or without atypia has not been well established.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] bra wearing may influence shoulder kinematics.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] in this study, both benign breast disease histology and the percentage of the breast area with mammographic density were associated with breast cancer risk.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] women who had proliferative benign breast disease, with or without atypia, were at moderately to substantially increased risk of developing postmenopausal breast carcinoma compared with women who had nonproliferative benign conditions.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] in this study, we investigated the associations of lifestyle, menstrual/reproductive, and histological factors with risk of breast cancer among women biopsied for bbd.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] percent breast density was more strongly associated with breast cancer risk in current postmenopausal hormone users (≥50 vs. 10 %: or 5.34, 95 % ci 3.36-8.49) as compared to women with past (or 2.69, 95 % ci 1.32-5.49) or no hormone history (or 2.57, 95 % ci 1.18-5.60, p-interaction = 0.03).

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] we investigated if associations of breast density and breast cancer differ according to the level of other known breast cancer risk factors, including body mass index (bmi), age at menarche, parity, age at first child's birth, age at menopause, alcohol consumption, a family history of breast cancer, a history of benign breast disease, and physical activity.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] this study suggests that use of hrt and having atypical hyperplasia are associated with increased risk of breast cancer among women with bbd, while postmenopausal women with bbd have a reduced risk.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] however, whether conventional breast cancer risk factors influence risk of breast cancer among women with bbd is unclear.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] body mass index (bmi), a known breast cancer risk factor, could influence breast risk through mechanistic pathways related to sex hormones, insulin resistance, chronic inflammation, and altered levels of adipose-derived hormones.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] we calculated crude and multivariable or and 95% ci for the associations between lifestyle, menstrual/reproductive, and histological factors and breast cancer risk using conditional logistic regression.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] sports bra use and its perceived importance was high, however was lower in moderate compared to vigorous activity, and lower in participants with smaller breasts.

Does wearing bras promote breast cancer risk? [SEP] previous studies have described an association between benign breast disease histology and breast density. |||

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] however, tattoo inks contain a complex mixture of chemical impurities that may pose a long-term risk for human health.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] a possible connection of the influence of the tattoo ink with clinical effects is discussed.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] historically, tattoo inks were comprised of metallic pigments, which have the potential to cause allergic contact dermatitis.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] background: tattoos have become increasing popular; however, medical complications and health risks can occur when getting a tattoo.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] the study indicates that currently available tattoo inks contain components that induce adaptive stress response pathways, but to evaluate the risk to human health further work is required to understand the toxicokinetics of tattoo ink chemicals in the body.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] illegally imported tattoo ink is unrestrained and can contain unknown ingredients and contamination thereby posing a serious health hazard.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] tattoos are well known to cause skin problems and the number of reported adverse reactions after tattooing has increased.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] the studied tattoo inks, which were extracted with hexane as a proxy for the bioavailable fraction, caused effects in all bioassays, with the red and yellow tattoo inks having the greatest response, particularly inducing genotoxicity and oxidative stress response endpoints.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] we present a case illustrating the risk of pronounced phototoxic allergic reaction and other severe complications after using home kit tattoo ink.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] since the biocompatibility of tattoo dyes has not been well researched, we studied the toxicity of a commercial tattoo ink, commonly used in tattoo lab and esthetic centers, on human fibroblasts.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] are there specific risks associated with tattoo dyes and epidural needle placement?

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] allergic reactions to tattoos are amongst the most common side effects occurring with this permanent deposition of pigments into the dermal skin layer.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] this article discusses risks of ornamental tattooing and the role oral healthcare providers can play in early identification of possible systemic diseases.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] tattooing is a tremendous exposure of the human body to needle operation, particles, and chemicals.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] decorative tattoo is a popular practice that is generally safe when performed in the professional setting but can be associated with a variety of inflammatory, infectious, and neoplastic complications, risks that may be increased with current trends in home tattooing.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] as a first step towards the risk assessment of these complex mixtures we propose to assess the toxicological hazard potential of tattoo ink chemicals with cell-based bioassays.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] identify pigments currently used in tattoo inks manufactured in or sold by wholesalers in the united states and investigate cases of allergic contact dermatitis caused by these pigments.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] the health impact of tattoo equipment on the extensive number of people with inked skin has been the focus of neither research nor medical diagnostics.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] we analyzed the health status of active french professional tattooists.

Are tattoo inks harmful to health? [SEP] objective: to obtain and to evaluate sociodemographic data on tattooed persons, to investigate the incidence of tattoo-related cutaneous complications and to define personal risk factors and course of the persons after being tattooed concerning behavior of personal environment. |||

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] phytoestrogens have recently been claimed to positively influence menopausal discomforts, including hot flashes.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] the phytoestrogens are capable of reducing hot flashes via their oestrogen-like hormone actions.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] the effects of phytoestrogens on these mechanisms may help explain their beneficial effects in alleviating hot flashes and other menopausal discomforts.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] certain botanicals are known to contain phytoestrogenic activity, which may be helpful in alleviating menopausal symptoms.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] previously published findings showed that phytoestrogens could relieve menopausal complaints, thus, the present review was aimed at assessing the effects of phytoestrogens on thermoregulatory mechanism during menopausal transition.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] the potential effects of phytoestrogens on hot flashes and their molecular mechanisms of action on thermoregulatory centre are discussed in this review.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] phytoestrogens appear to be an effective treatment during perimenopause where symptoms, such as hot flashes are reduced.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] the results from this study indicate that consumption of dietary phytoestrogens alters the neuroendocrine mechanism of core body temperature regulation that may help explain, in part, the beneficial effects of phytoestrogens for hot flashes.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] phytoestrogens such as those derived from red clover may help with hot flushes, which are a common menopausal complaint.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] it has been proposed that the use of phytoestrogens (pe) in menopausal therapy could be beneficial to woman health, particularly with respect to hot flushes.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] phytoestrogens and other plant-derived compounds and extracts have been developed for the treatment of menopause-related complaints and disorders, e.g.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] the association of a lower incidence of postmenopausal symptoms with high intake of soybeans in asian women suggests that phytoestrogens are an alternative to estrogen therapy.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] in recent years plants with high phytoestrogen content are recommended as therapeutic agents for postmenopausal hormonal treatment.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] these substances can act as either agonists or antagonists of oestrogen receptors α and β. phytoestrogens are widely used to alleviate menopausal symptoms, such as hot flushes and night sweats.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] plant secondary metabolites with estrogenic activity (phyto-estrogens) have been studied in the past as a potential alternative to classical hormone-replacement therapy (hrt) in menopausal women.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] in this review we summarise the current literature regarding the clinical aspect of safety and tolerance of different phytotherapies used to relieve menopausal symptoms.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] this pilot study demonstrates the potential benefit of a combination botanical for improving moderate menopausal symptoms in women.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] data on randomised controlled trials of red clover for the control of menopausal symptoms are presented.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] the efficacy and role of combination botanicals for long-term use to reduce menopausal symptoms requires further exploration.

Do plant hormones (phytoestrogens) other than genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause? [SEP] in the search for safer approaches to address menopausal symptoms, the administration of plant-derived estrogens has gained popularity. |||

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] to evaluate in a 24-month, prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study whether pure administration of the phytoestrogen genistein (54 mg/d) might reduce the number and severity of hot flushes in postmenopausal women, with no adverse effect on the endometrium and vagina.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] the phytoestrogen genistein has been shown to be effective on vasomotor symptoms without an adverse effect on the endometrium and vagina, but after the first year, there was no further improvement in the decrease in hot flushes.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] phytoestrogens have recently been claimed to positively influence menopausal discomforts, including hot flashes.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] the phytoestrogens are capable of reducing hot flashes via their oestrogen-like hormone actions.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] the current study provides the first evidence that a single daily dose of 30 mg of synthetic genistein reduces hot flush frequency and duration.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] genistein has a preventive role against bone mass loss during menopause.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] the results of our study do not confirm effects of genistein on activation of the haemostatic system, but on the contrary the significant decrease of dd could indicate a possible cardioprotective role of genistein in postmenopausal women.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] genistein is a plant estrogen promoted as an alternative to post-menopausal hormone therapy because of a good safety profile and its promotion as a natural product.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] genistein supplemented subjects completing at least 4 weeks on trial (n=40) demonstrated a 51% reduction (9.4-4.7/day) in the number of hot flushes by week 12 compared to a 27% reduction in the placebo group (9.9-7.1/day) (p=0.026).

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] despite the lack of significant changes in physical characteristics, 2-day treatment with genistein was associated with significant cardioprotective effects in ovx rats, suggesting a potential therapeutic role in postmenopausal women.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] importantly, genistein lacks some of the detrimental effects associated with post-menopausal estrogen treatment and may provide an alternative to hormone therapy in those patients at risk for ischemic events.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] this article discusses the superior efficacy of the newer nonhormonal prescriptions for the treatment of hot flashes when compared with estrogen replacement therapy, and provides some recommendations regarding use of them in peri- and postmenopausal women.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] to investigate the efficacy and tolerability of gabapentin for the treatment of menopausal hot flashes, we performed a systematic review of all trials reporting on the efficacy and tolerability of gabapentin in women with hot flashes and a meta-analysis of the randomized controlled trials (rcts) conducted in this patient population.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] women assigned to gabapentin reported a significantly greater percent reduction in both the frequency of hot flashes (wmd = 23.72 [95% ci, 16.46-30.97]; p < 0.001) and the composite score (wmd = 27.26 [95% ci, 21.24-33.29]; p < 0.001), with significant between-study heterogeneity (i(2) = 97.8% and 95.6%, respectively).

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] the effects of phytoestrogens on these mechanisms may help explain their beneficial effects in alleviating hot flashes and other menopausal discomforts.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] various non-hormonal agents have been used for the treatment of hot flashes in women with menopause.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] genistein being a phytoestrogen imitates the characteristics of estrogen, which can be useful to treat conditions by reducing the estrogen levels at the time of menopause, osteoporosis and high risk for breast cancer.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] genistein, a naturally occurring isoflavonic phytoestrogen associated with reduced incidence of heart disease, may be a possible alternative treatment for postmenopausal women with heart disease.

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] subjects on genistein (n=32) completing 12 weeks on trial demonstrated a 51% reduction (9.7-4.7/day) in the number of hot flushes by week 12 (p=0.049) compared to 30% reduction in the placebo group (9.8-7.0/day) and had fewer hot flushes per day and a decrease in total duration of hot flushes per day at week 12 compared to placebo (p=0.020 and p=0.017, respectively).

Does the herbal hormone genistein reduce the number and intensity of hot flashes during menopause??? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of synthetic genistein for reducing the frequency and severity of hot flushes. |||

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] renewed interest in the age-old concept of "bloodletting", a therapeutic approach practiced until as recently as the 19th century, has been stimulated by the knowledge that blood loss, such as following regular donation, is associated with significant reductions in key hemorheological variables, including whole blood viscosity (wbv), plasma viscosity, hematocrit and fibrinogen.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] blood donation has been proposed as a potential therapy to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease, but the effects of phlebotomy on vascular function in human subjects have not been well characterized.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] bloodletting has been practised in most cultures for the past two millennia.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] we conclude that the hbh-hd could minimize the bleeding risk and be an efficient hd technique in patients at high risk of bleeding.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] in addition to wbv reduction, phlebotomy may reduce an individual's cardiovascular risk through reductions in excessive iron, oxidative stress and inflammation.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] today, blood transfusion remains the cornerstone of treatment for serious bleeding - not only to restore oxygen carrying capacity but also to improve haemostasis, arrest and prevent bleeding.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] bloodletting has been used extensively throughout history and across cultures.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] in the early years of the 19th century, james blundell reported in the lancet the first clinical application of blood transfusion for the treatment of haemorrhage.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] reflecting these findings, blood donation in males has shown significant drops in the incidence of cardiovascular events, as well as in procedures such as percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty and coronary artery bypass grafting.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] in the 19th century, when bleeding and purging were widely used in mainstream medicine, homeopathy was warmly embraced by some u.s. practitioners as a more humane alternative.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] bloodletting declined in the 19th century at a time of revolution in medical thought, and examining its decline illustrates the forces that have shaped modern medicine.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] blood-sucking leeches like the medicinal leech, hirudo medicinalis, have been used for medical purposes since ancient times.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] is well known as a treatment for liver disease.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] bleeding and cupping have been used in medicine since ancient times in the treatment of fevers and local inflammatory disorders.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] collectively, the available data on the benefits of therapeutic phlebotomy point to the importance of monitoring wbv as part of a cardiovascular risk factor, along with other risk-modifying measures, whenever an increased cardiovascular risk is detected.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] four serial phlebotomy procedures over six months with or without intravenous iron supplementation did not alter vascular endothelial function in the brachial artery when compared with sham phlebotomy.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] we compared the safety and efficiency of hbh-hd with that of routine hemodialysis with low-dose heparinization (r-hd) in a prospective cross-over study, and then analyzed the outcomes of 1,057 hbh-hd in 159 patients.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] the health theories of nordenfelt and boorse are compared.

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] developed by the german physician samuel hahnemann, homeopathy sought to cure symptoms of disease by use of drugs that induced similar symptoms and restored the patient's "vital force."

Does bloodletting according to Hildegard von Bingen have health benefits? [SEP] in the hirudin group, a highly statistically and clinically significant improvement were noted. |||

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] this paper reviews applications of therapeutic electrical stimulation (es) specific to wound healing and pressure sore prevention.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] pulsed electromagnetic fields are effective for bone and wound repair and pain and edema reduction.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] electrical current has been recommended for use on chronic pressure ulcers; however, the ability of this modality to improve healing of other types of chronic ulcers is less well established.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] we tested whether prf treatment attenuated complete freund's adjuvant (cfa)-induced inflammatory pain.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] it is known that fat grafts and laser treatment can have beneficial effects on the remodeling of scar tissue, and platelet-rich plasma (prp) can be effective during the wound-healing process.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] in the literature, there are cases showing that npwt may be useful for the successful treatment of chronic and non-healing wounds, included non-puerperal mastitis and surgical sites affected by radiation therapy due to breast cancer.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] the application of es for wound healing has been found to increase the rate of healing by more than 50%.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] we tested whether prf treatment attenuated complete freund's adjuvant (cfa) induced inflammatory pain.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] in this preliminary study, gauze-based negative pressure wound therapy (npwt) was used to accelerate granulation tissue forma- tion and promote closure in a number of wound types.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] pressure garment therapy was effective at reducing scar contraction and improving biomechanics compared with control scars.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] the authors aimed to evaluate the efficacy of gauze-based npwt using the chariker-jeter technique for wounds requiring delayed closure.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] this study examined whether the effect of pulsed electromagnetic fields on postoperative pain was associated with differences in levels of cytokines and angiogenic factors in the wound bed.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] previous studies suggested that pulsed electromagnetic field (pemf) therapy can decrease pain.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to examine the effect of high-voltage pulsed current (hvpc) on healing of chronic leg ulcers.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] electrical stimulation therapy is recommended for wound contraction, and some clinical studies have shown that the application of a monophasic pulsed microcurrent can help to reduce the treatment period.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] clinical and experimental studies of pressure under elastic bandages are performed in order to assess their effectiveness in compressing wounds to prevent edema in burn wounds.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] the gauze-based npwt was found to be a safe and cost-effective method in temporary soft-tissue management of chronic nonhealing wounds suitable delayed closure.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] a study of stimulation current effects on wound healing in a pig model has shown that direct current (dc) stimulation is most effective in wound area reduction and alternating current (ac) stimulation for wound volume reduction at current densities of 127 microa/cm2 and 1,125 microa/cm2, respectively.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] these findings suggest that prf might be an alternative therapy for inflammatory pain.

Can FGXpress Power Strips reduce pain or improve wound healing? [SEP] application of 1-8 hz monophasic pulsed microcurrent stimulation increased the number of human dermal fibroblasts in vitro, and is proposed as the optimal condition for accelerating the healing of pressure injuries. |||

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] the reviewed interventions seem to be effective in reducing pain, increasing range of motion and improving function of the painful shoulder.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] shoulder pain is a common musculoskeletal problem that is often chronic or recurrent.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] the aim of this study was to assess the effectiveness of multimodal treatment of mtrps in patients with chronic shoulder pain.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] this meta-analysis assessed the short-term to midterm effectiveness of minimally invasive treatments in the management of calcifying tendinopathy of the shoulder cuff, a common source of chronic shoulder pain that leads to pain, a decreased active range of motion, and loss of muscular strength.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] a case then exists for the use of treatments aimed at reversing these changes, training the brain to reduce chronic shoulder pain.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] to examine current evidence associated with myofascial origin of shoulder pain, with emphasis on diagnosis, prevalence and treatment efficacy.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] the results of this study show that 12-week comprehensive treatment of mtrps in shoulder muscles reduces the number of muscles with active mtrps and is effective in reducing symptoms and improving shoulder function in patients with chronic shoulder pain.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] persistent shoulder pain is a highly prevalent problem, due to different pathologies, that is frequently associated with limited range of motion and decreased function.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] to study the effectiveness of manipulative therapy for the shoulder girdle in addition to usual medical care for relief of shoulder pain and dysfunction.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] shoulder pain is a common problem imposing a considerable burden on the affected person and society.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] describe current physiotherapeutic diagnostic- and therapeutic management, including the use of diagnostic ultrasound, in patients with shoulder pain in primary care.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] manipulative therapy for the shoulder girdle in addition to usual medical care accelerates recovery of shoulder symptoms.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] the objective of the study was to evaluate the role of experimentally-induced sub-acromial pain on shoulder isokinetic rotational strength and throwing accuracy.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] this paper addresses the anatomic and biomechanical mechanisms of shoulder motion and presents a logical approach to diagnosis and osteopathic treatment of the sore shoulder.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] shoulder pain is a common condition associated with slow recovery and high recurrence rates.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] shoulder impingement syndrome (sis) is the most common form of shoulder pain and a persistent musculoskeletal problem.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] cox proportional hazards modeling was used to assess the associations between shoulder symptoms and demand-control model quadrants.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] shoulder injuries are a common cause of pain and discomfort.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] by understanding the role of pain on shoulder function, clinicians will be able to more efficiently assess and treat shoulder injuries.

Does treatment according to the fascial distortion model help with chronic shoulder pain? [SEP] the present study addressed whether abnormal changes in cortical surface structure exist in patients with chronic shoulder pain of myofascial origin and whether such changes would be related to pain measures. |||

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] cpap applied by a nasal mask is the gold standard treatment of obstructive sleep apnea.

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] a number of therapeutic alternatives to continuous positive airway pressure (cpap) and surgery have been proposed to treat sleep apnea syndrome.

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] continuous positive airway pressure (cpap) delivered by nasal mask is the gold standard treatment for obstructive sleep apnea (osa).

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] ventilation with continuous positive airway pressure (cpap) is the gold standard therapy for obstructive sleep apnea (osa).

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] recently, several innovative alternatives to cpap have been developed.

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] continuous positive airway pressure (cpap) is the first-choice treatment for obstructive sleep-disordered breathing.

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] continuous positive airways pressure (cpap) is the accepted therapy for obstructive sleep apnoea (osa), but compliance is variable.

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] for most patients with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (osa), continuous positive airway pressure (cpap) is an effective therapy.

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] adaptive servoventilation (asv) was more reliably effective than cpap in relieving complex sleep apnea syndrome.

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] drug therapy has been proposed as an alternative to cpap in some patients with mild to moderate sleep apnoea.

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] continuous positive airway pressure (cpap) is the first-line treatment for the majority of patients affected by obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (osa).

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] although continuous positive airway pressure therapy (cpap) is the treatment of choice for obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome (osas), there is a portion of patients in which cpap is not usable.

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] the treatment of choice for moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnoea (osa) is continuous positive airway pressure (cpap) via a mask during sleep.

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] continuous positive airway pressure (cpap) therapy is the first-line treatment for obstructive sleep apnea (osa).

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] oral appliances are an alternative to continuous positive airway pressure (cpap) for the treatment of obstructive sleep apnea (osa).

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] it is unclear whether continuous positive airway pressure (cpap), the treatment of choice for severe obstructive sleep apnoea (osa), is effective at improving outcomes in mild osa.

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] the treatment of obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome (osas) is still a matter of debate; among the different therapeutic alternatives, both surgical and conservative, treatment with continuous positive airway pressure (cpap) is considered the "gold standard".

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] prior studies show that adaptive servoventilation (asv) is initially more effective than continuous positive airway pressure (cpap) for patients with complex sleep apnea syndrome (compsas), but choosing therapies has been controversial because residual central breathing events may resolve over time in many patients receiving chronic cpap therapy.

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] evidence for the management of cpap-treated obstructive sleep apnea suggests that oronasal masks reduce mouth leaks at the expense of higher pressures and poorer adherence.

Are there effective alternatives to the breathing mask (CPAP) for sleep apnea? [SEP] although the gold standard for the treatment of osa, cpap may not be the optimal modality to treat more complex sleep disordered breathing such as cheyne-stokes respirations, opioid-induced central apnea, and complex sleep disordered breathing related to chronic hypoventilation syndromes (obesity-hypoventilation syndrome, restrictive thoracic disease due to neuromuscular or thoracic cage disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease). |||

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] whether closure of a patent foramen ovale is effective in the prevention of recurrent ischemic stroke in patients who have had a cryptogenic stroke is unknown.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] the efficacy of closure of a patent foramen ovale (pfo) in the prevention of recurrent stroke after cryptogenic stroke is uncertain.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] detecting a benefit from closure of patent foramen ovale in patients with cryptogenic stroke is hampered by low rates of stroke recurrence and uncertainty about the causal role of patent foramen ovale in the index event.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] we aimed to determine whether patent foramen ovale closure reduces the risk of stroke, also assessing some safety outcomes.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] the clinical benefit of closing a patent foramen ovale after a cryptogenic stroke has been an open question for several decades, so that it is necessary to review the current state of published medical data in this regard.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] patent foramen ovale (pfo) closure may prevent recurrent stroke after cryptogenic transient ischemic attack (tia) or stroke (tia/stroke) in patients aged 60 years or younger.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] the effect of foramen ovale closure on the risk for subsequent strokes is unknown.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] the role of surgical closure of patent foramen ovale (pfo) for cerebral infarction (ci) or transient ischemic attack (tia) resulting from paradoxical embolism is unclear, and its effect on recurrence is unknown.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] paradoxical embolism through a patent foramen ovale is a recognized cause of stroke, but clinical predictors, recurrence rate, and prevention of brain infarcts in patients with patent foramen ovale have not been determined.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] patent foramen ovale is associated with cryptogenic stroke in the older population, but risk of recurrence is unknown.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] patent foramen ovale is associated with ischemic stroke in patients without a clearly identifiable etiology for stroke (cryptogenic stroke).

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] however, patent foramen ovale is also found in patients with known cause of stroke.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] prevention of recurrence in subjects with presumed patent foramen ovale-related brain infarcts varied.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] in the primary intention-to-treat analysis, there was no significant benefit associated with closure of a patent foramen ovale in adults who had had a cryptogenic ischemic stroke.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] while individual studies are inadequate for modeling patent foramen ovale-attributable recurrence risk, collaboration between investigators has yielded a database with sufficient power to identify those patients at highest risk for a patent foramen ovale-related stroke recurrence who may have the greatest potential benefit from patent foramen ovale closure.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] the available research results do not conclusively suggest a causal relationship between patent foramen ovale and stroke.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] the subject of secondary prevention in patients with cryptogenic stroke and patent foramen ovale, including the results of research into the effectiveness of pharmacological methods and percutaneous closure of interatrial septal defects, is raised.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] several studies have shown an association of cryptogenic stroke and embolism with patent foramen ovale (pfo), but the question how to prevent further events in such patients is unresolved.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] closure of patent foramen ovale following presumed paradoxical embolic stroke remains controversial.

Does closure of the foramen ovale prevent further strokes in people who have had a stroke of unknown cause? [SEP] transcatheter closure of a patent foramen ovale can be accomplished with little morbidity and may reduce the risk of recurrence. |||

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (tens) has been reported to relieve pain and improve function in patients with knee osteoarthritis.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] : according to a recent metaanalysis study, there is strong evidence to support the view that transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (tens) is an effective treatment for managing osteoarthritis (oa) knee pain.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] some have proposed the use of transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (tens) as an adjunct to the current standard of care in treatment of osteoarthritis knee pain.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] to evaluate the cumulative effect of repeated transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (tens) on chronic osteoarthritic (oa) knee pain over a four-week treatment period, comparing it to that of placebo stimulation and exercise training given alone or in combination with tens.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] to determine the additional effects of transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (tens) for knee osteoarthritis (oa) when combined with a group education and exercise program (knee group).

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation has been proposed as a nonoperative treatment for osteoarthritis.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] tens might relieve pain due to knee osteoarthritis.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to evaluate the outcomes of a novel transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation device compared with those of other standard nonoperative modalities for the treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] in conclusion, the use of tens for 3 months has shown encouraging results to improve pain, function, and qol in patients with painful osteoarthritic knees, and could positively contribute as an adjunct to current nonoperative treatment of knee arthritis.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] the purpose of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to evaluate the efficacy of tens for the management of knee osteoarthritis.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of various non-operative modalities of treatment (transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (tens); neuromuscular electrical stimulation (nmes); insoles and bracing) on the pain of osteoarthritis (oa) of the knee.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] randomized controlled trials assessing the effect of transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation on patients with total knee arthroplasty were included.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation is a possible adjunctive therapy to pharmacological treatment for controlling pain after total knee arthroplasty.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] neuromuscular electrical stimulation (nmes) has been used in rehabilitation protocols for patients suffering from muscle weakness resulting from knee osteoarthritis.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (tens) has been used to treat chronic pain syndromes and has been reported to be of some utility in the treatment of postsurgical pain.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] compared with control intervention, transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation supplementation intervention was found to significantly reduce pain and morphine requirement over a period of 24 h and to promote functional recovery in patients who have undergone total knee arthroplasty.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] this study examined whether tens alone can improve physical function in terms of range of knee motion and the timed-up-and-go test.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of tens on the following issues in patients who have early-stage osteoarthritis of the knee: (1) pain reduction; (2) subjective and (3) objective functional improvements; (4) quality-of-life (qol) measure improvements; and (5) isokinetic strength.

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] overall, compared with control intervention, transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation supplementation intervention was found to significantly reduce vas scores and total postoperative morphine dose over a period of 24 h, and to improve active range of knee motion (standard mean difference (smd) = 0.37; 95% confidence interval (95% ci) = 0.06-0.68; p = 0.02), but had no effect on vas scores at 2 weeks (smd = 0.20; 95% ci = -0.07 to 0.48; p = 0.15).

Does stimulation current therapy (TENS - Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) help with worn knee joints (knee osteoarthritis)? [SEP] : our findings suggested that tens did improve some of the physical parameters but over 10 days was unable to produce significant improvement in functional performance among people with knee oa. |||

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] intravenous magnesium infusion did not reduce the frequency of leg cramps in a group of older adult rest cramp sufferers regardless of the extent to which infused magnesium was retained.

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] a double blind, placebo controlled randomized controlled trial was conducted on 46 community-dwelling older adult (69.3 ± 7.7 years) rest cramp sufferers to determine whether 5 consecutive days infusion of 20-mmol (5 g) magnesium sulfate would reduce the frequency of leg cramps per week in the 30 days immediately pre and post infusions.

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] oral magnesium supplements are marketed for prophylaxis of such cramps but clinical trials exploring the efficacy of oral magnesium conflict.

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] although oral magnesium is widely marketed to older adults for the prophylaxis of leg cramps, our data suggest that magnesium therapy is not indicated for the treatment of rest cramps in a geriatric population.

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] rigidity and mild spasms were controlled with magnesium therapy alone in six patients; all were grades i or ii.

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] oral magnesium significantly alleviated the frequency and intensity of migraine (ors = 0.20 and 0.27).

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] it seems that magnesium (mg) sulfate can be helpful in controlling the acute pain caused by the stone passing from the ureter by reducing ureter smooth muscle contractions.

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] patients who received magnesium had a longer time to the first analgesia request [143 (103 to 183) min, p < 0.001, i = 99%, level of evidence low] and a lower incidence of shivering [0.26 (0.15 to 0.44), p < 0.001, i = 35%, level of evidence very low].

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] to evaluate the effects of intravenous magnesium on acute migraine attacks and oral magnesium supplements on migraine prophylaxis.

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] a large body of literature suggests a relationship between magnesium deficiency and mild and moderate tension-type headaches and migraines.

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] previous studies have reported that magnesium (mg) deficiency is associated with coronary spasm.

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] magnesium salts have been used for decades for the empiric treatment of arrhythmias, particularly torsades de pointes, associated with long qt syndrome.

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] we also describe a new, noninvasive method to assess magnesium-induced neuromuscular block when curariform muscle relaxant was given simultaneously.

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] here, we discuss the cellular and molecular effects of magnesium deficiency in the brain and the clinical evidence supporting the use of magnesium for the treatment of headaches and migraines.

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] the mean change in number of cramps per week, magnesium versus placebo arms, was -2.4 versus -1.7, p = .51, 95% confidence interval of the difference -3.1 to 1.7.

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] several studies suggest that systemic magnesium reduces postoperative opioid consumption and the intensity of pain, but others report conflicting results.

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] the present study investigated whether mg prevents coronary spasm in patients with vasospastic angina (vsa).

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] magnesium treatment suppresses ventricular arrhythmias in acute myocardial infarction and possibly mortality after infarction, but the underlying mechanisms are inadequately understood.

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] magnesium decreased the number of hourly ventricular premature beats (p < 0.001) and the number of ventricular tachycardias (p < 0.05).

Does taking magnesium salts decrease the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps with unknown cause? [SEP] the purpose of the present study was to evaluate whether skeletal muscle magnesium content was reduced during cyclosporin treatment. |||

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] context: exercise-associated muscle cramps (eamcs) are common among physically active individuals and are temporarily disabling; therefore, prevention is of great interest.objective: to determine the role of hydration and electrolyte supplementation in the prevention of eamcs.design: each subject completed 2 counterbalanced trials in a repeated-measures design.setting: university of alabama.patients or other participants: college-aged men (n = 13) with a history of eamcs.intervention(s): in each trial, participants performed a calf-fatiguing protocol to induce eamcs in the calf muscle group.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] this article reviews the literature and neurophysiology of muscle cramp occurring during exercise.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] there is a need for scientifically based protocols for the management of athletes who suffer exercise-related muscle cramp.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] exercise-associated muscle cramps (eamcs) are thought to be caused by dehydration and/or electrolyte losses.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] there are no proven strategies for the prevention of exercise-induced muscle cramp but regular muscle stretching using post-isometric relaxation techniques, correction of muscle balance and posture, adequate conditioning for the activity, mental preparation for competition and avoiding provocative drugs may be beneficial.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] exercise-associated muscle cramps occur during or immediately following exercise, and they are associated with muscular fatigue and shortened muscle contraction.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] although the following text will focus on magnesium in disease, its role in healthy subjects during physical exercise when used as a supplement to enhance performance is also noteworthy.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] cramps are painful, involuntary contractions of skeletal muscle that occur during or immediately after exercise and are common in endurance athletes.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] ingestion of transient receptor potential (trp) channel agonists has been efficacious in attenuating electrically induced muscle cramps.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] magnesium is essential for optimal sport performance, generating an interest to monitor its status in athletes.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] therefore, we measured the effect of an acute bout of exercise on ionized (img) and total plasma magnesium (tmg) in blood obtained from 18 healthy well-trained endurance athletes (age, 31.1 ± 8.1 yr.; vo2max, 50.9 ± 7.5 ml/kg/min) at multiple time points, and compared this with a resting situation.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] although cramps can occur in many rare medical conditions, most athletes who have exercise-associated muscle cramping do not have congenital or acquired medical disorders.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] the causes of, and cures for, the cramps that occur during or soon after exercise remain uncertain, although there is evidence that some cases may be associated with disturbances of water and salt balance, while others appear to involve sustained abnormal spinal reflex activity secondary to fatigue of the affected muscles.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] exercise training is an effective therapy for many pain-related conditions, and trained athletes have lower pain perception compared with unconditioned people.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] these studies show that dehydration has no effect on the stimulation frequency required to initiate cramping and confirm a role for spinal pathways, but their relevance to the spontaneous cramps that occur during exercise is questionable.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] muscle cramp is a common, painful, physiological disturbance of skeletal muscle.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] muscle cramps are involuntary, painful, spasmodic contractions of the skeletal muscle.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] many athletes are regularly frustrated by exercise-induced muscle cramp yet the pathogenesis remains speculative with little scientific research on the subject.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] muscle cramps may be a symptom of any of several conditions, including radiculopathies, parkinson's disease, hypothyroidism, diabetes mellitus, vascular problems, electrolyte disorders, and metabolic myopathies.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of exercise-induced muscle cramps during sports? [SEP] most athletes who experience exercise-associated muscle cramps are healthy individuals without systemic illness. |||

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] oral magnesium supplementation during pregnancy did not reduce the ocurrence and frequency of episodes of leg cramps.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] oral magnesium for leg cramps treatment in pregnancy is a controversial issue according to recent cochrane systematic review.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] this study aims to evaluate the efficacy of mg++ supplementation in leg cramps treatment in pregnancy.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] magnesium sulfate has been shown in vivo and in vitro to decrease the frequency of uterine contractions while maintaining the amplitude; we therefore decided to assess the use of magnesium sulfate infusion in cases of uterine hyperstimulation.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] randomised and quasi-randomised trials of dietary magnesium supplementation during pregnancy.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] randomised and quasi-randomised trials of dietary magnesium supplementation during pregnancy.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] induced contractions were reduced, in a dose-dependent and time-dependent manner (maximum effect at 20 min), at higher mg2+ concentrations and with non-significant proportional differences between pregnant and non-pregnant myometrium.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] both magnesium sulfate and metoclopramide relaxed myometrial contractions, and exhibited different responses to subsequent oxytocin treatment.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] this preliminary study demonstrates that magnesium treatment lowers blood pressure in pregnancies complicated with hypertension.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] the use of magnesium sulfate during labor in women with mild preeclampsia at term does not affect any component of labor but did necessitate a higher dose of oxytocin.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] this observational clinical trial studied 132 pregnant women with leg cramps in the first trimester of pregnancy.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] the present in vitro study suggests a possible benefit of mg2+ in the inhibition of spontaneous myometrial contractility, but not of uterine-induced hyperactivity.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] this study examined the effects of intravenous magnesium sulfate on the characteristics of eclamptic seizures in a rat preeclampsia/eclampsia model.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] in obstetric patients, magnesium is administered to prevent eclamptic seizures and as a tocolytic to treat preterm labour.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] in this study, the relaxant properties of metoclopramide and magnesium sulfate on pregnant myometrium, together with the possible reversing influences of oxytocin and cabergoline (a dopamine d2 receptor agonist), were investigated.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] the primary outcome was to determine whether magnesium sulfate therapy prolongs the duration of labor in women with mild preeclampsia.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] these results validate the long-practiced use of magnesium sulfate in the prevention of eclampsia.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] women with a diagnosis of mild preeclampsia at term were randomized to receive standard therapy during labor and for 12 hours post partum with either magnesium sulfate (n = 67) or a matching placebo solution (n = 68).

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] compared with phenytoin, magnesium sulfate given for intrapartum treatment of pregnancy-induced hypertension does not significantly affect labor outcomes.

Does taking magnesium salts reduce the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps in pregnancy? [SEP] magnesium sulfate was more potent for prolonging myometrial contractile interval than reducing contractile force. |||

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] as a potent anticoagulant agent, rivaroxaban exposes a risk of bleeding.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] there was an increase in the risk of major bleeding and intracranial haemorrhage with rivaroxaban 2.5 mg twice daily compared with placebo; however, there was no increase in the risk of fatal bleeding.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] factor xa inhibitors are safe and effective alternatives to warfarin, but several studies indicate that rivaroxaban may cause a different risk profile for bleeding.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] for instance, while the risk of major bleeding in general may be lower with rivaroxaban than for warfarin, the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding or abnormal uterine bleeding may be higher.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] despite its efficacy, rivaroxaban therapy results in adverse effects and complications, such as bleeding.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] notably, the greater efficacy of rivaroxaban was achieved without a significant increase in the incidence of major bleeding episodes compared with enoxaparin; bleeding events were the most frequently reported adverse events across clinical trials.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] overall, rivaroxaban was not associated with the risk of a composite end point of major or clinically relevant nonmajor bleeding (relative risk 0.99, 95% confidence interval 0.93 to 1.06).

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] rivaroxaban (xarelto), an oral oxazolidinone-based anticoagulant, is a potent, selective direct inhibitor of factor xa that is used in the prevention of venous thromboembolism (vte) in adult patients after total hip replacement (thr) or total knee replacement (tkr) surgery.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] rivaroxaban (xarelto®), an oral oxazolidinone-based anticoagulant, is a potent, selective, direct inhibitor of factor xa that is used in the prevention of venous thromboembolism (vte) in adult patients after total hip replacement (thr) or total knee replacement (tkr) surgery.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] rivaroxaban (xarelto(®)) is an orally administered highly selective direct inhibitor of factor xa that has been approved in many countries to reduce the risk of stroke in patients with atrial fibrillation and for the treatment and prevention of venous thromboembolism.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] despite several advantages of the novel anticoagulant rivaroxaban compared with vitamin k antagonists (vka), its lack of specific antidotes to reverse anticoagulant effects may increase the risk profile of patients with bleeding complications.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] a 5.6% chance of major bleeding is associated with rivaroxaban use, including intracranial and gastrointestinal bleeds.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] this case highlights the potential for bleeding complications associated with novel anticoagulants.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] rivaroxaban increased blood loss (17 g [8-32] vs. 7 g [5-18] for control (median [range]), p = 0.0004), ear bleeding time, clotting times, thrombelastographic clotting time, and decreased thrombin generation.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] rivaroxaban is a direct oral anti-factor xa anticoagulant.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] rivaroxaban, a factor xa inhibitor, is a new oral anticoagulant that has been developed as an alternative to vitamin k antagonists.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] rivaroxaban (xarelto) does not require routine coagulation monitoring; however, in certain clinical situations (overdose, drug accumulation, urgent surgery) measurement of its plasma concentration is highly recommended.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] rivaroxaban is a novel xa inhibitor with an encouraging anti-thrombosis effect.

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] however, rivaroxaban was associated with a significant decrease in fatal bleeding (relative risk 0.48, 95% confidence interval 0.31 to 0.74).

Does the active ingredient rivaroxaban (drug Xarelto) have a higher risk of dangerous bleeding than other anticoagulants? [SEP] it has recently been suggested that rivaroxaban may affect platelet function in vitro; however, little is known about the clinical impact of this likely antiplatelet effect and whether this probable phenomenon is dose-dependent. |||

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] studies have found that vitamin d is implicated in procognitive and neuroprotective functions, including the reduction of alzheimer's disease hallmarks such as amyloid beta and phosphorylated tau.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] this raises prospects that vitamin d may improve older adults' subjective experience of memory disorders.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] vitamin d has gained interest as a potentially modifiable risk factor for dementia because of its putative neuroprotective effects.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] vitamin d could prevent cognitive decline because of its neuroprotective, anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] vitamin d may be a promising public health strategy to prevent cognitive decline.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] background: vitamin d has been implicated as being important for maintaining cognitive function in old age.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] vitamin d has been investigated in association with cognitive function in healthy and multimorbid elderly patients.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] vitamin d deficiency has been linked to an increased risk of dementia.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] vitamin d deficiency has been implicated as a risk factor for dementia in several cross-sectional studies.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] emerging evidence suggests that low vitamin d concentrations are potentially involved in the pathogenesis of dementia.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] our objective was to determine whether the dietary intake of vitamin d was an independent predictor of the onset of dementia within 7 years among women aged 75 years and older.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] cross-sectional studies have consistently found that vitamin d concentrations are significantly lower in individuals with alzheimer's disease and cognitive impairment compared to healthy controls.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] to determine the relationship of serum vitamin d with prevalent and incident dementia in the general population.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] higher vitamin d status was associated with reduced problems memorizing new information in older community-dwellers.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] an association between low vitamin d levels and alzheimer's dementia (ad) has been established.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] vitamin d is involved in the clearance of β-amyloid (aβ) from the brain.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] results from longitudinal studies examining the association of vitamin d with incident dementia and cognitive impairment have been inconsistent.objective: we investigated the relation between vitamin d, assessed in 3 different ways, and the risk of dementia.design: we measured plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin d [25(oh)d] with the use of high-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry, assessed dietary vitamin d intake with the use of 7-d dietary records, and created a vitamin d-synthesis genetic risk score (grs) at baseline (1991-1995) in a cohort of 1182 swedish men (mean age: 71 y).

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] lower serum vitamin d concentrations are associated with a higher incidence of dementia.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] conclusion: restoring vitamin d levels may, therefore, represent a useful strategy for healthy brain aging.

Does vitamin D protect against dementia or memory loss? [SEP] whether vitamin d concentrations are a useful indicator for the identification and clinical management of dementia remains to be determined. |||

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] here we provide evidence for the effectiveness of cognitive (often called "brain") training.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] brain training refers to practices that alter the brain in a way that improves cognition, and performance in domains beyond those involved in the training.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] does cognitive training work?

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] there is strong incentive to improve our cognitive abilities, and brain training has emerged as a promising approach for achieving this goal.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] "brain training" (i.e., enhancing, rehabilitating, or simply maintaining cognitive function through deliberate cognitive exercise) is growing rapidly in popularity, yet remains highly controversial.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] brain-training, aimed at advancing and improving cognitive and perceptual abilities, is vastly studied because of its immense promise.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] the potential impact of brain training methods for enhancing human cognition in healthy and clinical populations has motivated increasing public interest and scientific scrutiny.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] our study calls into question the benefit of cognitive training beyond practice effects, and provides a new framework for future investigations into the efficacy of brain training.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] in recent years there has been a significant commercial interest in 'brain training' - massed or spaced practice on a small set of tasks to boost cognitive performance.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] cognitive training is an effective tool to improve a variety of cognitive functions, and a small number of studies have now shown that brain stimulation accompanying these training protocols can enhance their effects.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] cognitive training should not only improve performance of the trained task, but also untrained abilities.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] the degree to which "brain training" can improve general cognition, resulting in improved performance on tasks dissimilar from the trained tasks (transfer of training), is a controversial topic.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] recently, researchers have combined cognitive training regimes with brain stimulation to try and maximize training benefits, leading to task-specific cognitive enhancement.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] we discuss the role of individual differences in brain function in training generalizability and make suggestions for future cognitive training research.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] we propose that future research should not investigate whether cognitive training works, but rather should determine what training regimens and what training conditions result in the best transfer effects, investigate the underlying neural and cognitive mechanisms, and finally, investigate for whom cognitive training is most useful.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] cognitive training can lead to performance improvements that are specific to the tasks trained.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] our findings suggest that working memory training in healthy older adults is associated with task-specific improvements, but these gains do not transfer to other cognitive domains, and it does not lead to structural brain changes.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] this work reviews how complex training environments such as action video game play may actually foster brain plasticity and learning.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] we conclude that cognitive training can be effective and long-lasting, but that there are limiting factors that must be considered to evaluate the effects of this training, one of which is individual differences in training performance.

Does brain training boost intelligence? [SEP] we argue that brain training includes network training through repetitive practice that exercises specific brain networks and state training, which changes the brain state in a way that influences many networks. |||

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] the authors present a brief background on the composition of petroleum and the production of its derivatives, a description of the common cutaneous manifestations of petroleum derivative exposure, and a review of the treatment options for these diseases.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] these analyses confirm that petroleum products are intrinsic to modern health care and that petroleum supply shifts can affect health care prices.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] short-term exposure to petroleum or diesel oil revealed a rapid inhibition of photosynthetic performance and cell proliferation in freshwater and marine phytoplankton species.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] recognition of petroleum as a finite global resource has spurred increasing interest in the intersection between petroleum scarcity and public health.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] in summary, results from individual studies, as well as from the pooled analysis, indicated that petroleum workers were not at an increased risk of nhl as a result of their exposure to benzene or other benzene-containing petroleum products in their work environment.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] petroleum has been the world's major source of energy since the middle of the twentieth century, leading to positive changes but also social, political, and environmental problems worldwide.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] it then discusses how peak petroleum may affect public health and health care, by reference to four areas: medical supplies and equipment, transportation, energy generation, and food production.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] we quantify key aspects of petroleum use in health care and explore historical associations between petroleum supply shocks and health care prices.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] petroleum-based products are a primary energy source in the industry and daily life.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] as a result, researches are on-going to find simple ameliorative agent against crude petroleum contaminated diet toxicity.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] petroleum is a unique and essential energy source, used as the principal fuel for transportation, in producing many chemicals, and for numerous other purposes.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] this paper reviews the epidemiologic studies of petroleum workers published in the english language, focusing on research pertaining to the petroleum industry, rather than the broader petrochemical industry.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] petroleum is used widely in health care-primarily as a transport fuel and feedstock for pharmaceuticals, plastics, and medical supplies-and few substitutes for it are available.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] there is increasing scientific interest in how phytoplankton reacts to petroleum contamination, since crude oil and its derivatives are generating extensive contamination of aquatic environments.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] before discussing the toxicologic effects of petroleum hydrocarbons, the author reviews the considerable resources available today to investigators in this area.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] besides biofuels, many other valuable chemicals used in every-day life are petroleum derivatives or require petroleum for their production.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] petroleum hydrocarbons are well known by their high toxicity and recalcitrant properties.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] as such, studies of these workers provide an opportunity for investigating the relationship between benzene and non-hodgkin's lymphoma (nhl).

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] petroleum workers are exposed to benzene or benzene-containing petroleum products.

Does petroleum help against cancer? [SEP] due to the toxicity of petroleum compounds, the increasing accidents of marine oil spills/leakages have had a significant impact on our environment. |||

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] lavender increased the percentage of deep or slow-wave sleep (sws) in men and women.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] lavender and sleep hygiene together, and sleep hygiene alone to a lesser degree, improved sleep quality for college students with self-reported sleep issues, with an effect remaining at follow-up.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] lavender aromatherapy may be an effective way to improve sleep in an intermediate care unit.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] uncontrolled and anecdotal evidence suggests that lavender oil is an effective treatment for insomnia, but this has not been formally investigated.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] lavender represents an effective treatment of insomnia, but the molecular mechanism underlying the effectiveness of this treatment is not clear.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] lavender aromatherapy has improved sleep in a variety of clinical settings, but the effect has not been tested in the intermediate care unit.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] thus, lavender serves as a mild sedative and has practical applications as a novel, nonphotic method for promoting deep sleep in young men and women and for producing gender-dependent sleep effects.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] to compare the effectiveness of lavender (lavandula angustifolia) and sleep hygiene versus sleep hygiene alone on sleep quantity and sleep quality and to determine sustained effect at two-week follow-up.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] lavender also increased stage 2 (light) sleep, and decreased rapid-eye movement (rem) sleep and the amount of time to reach wake after first falling asleep (wake after sleep onset latency) in women, with opposite effects in men.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] the purpose of this study is to investigate the active components, target proteins and molecular pathways of lavender in the treatment of insomnia, thus explaining its possible mechanism.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] to determine the effect of inhalation of 100% lavender oil on patients' vital signs and perceived quality of sleep in an intermediate care unit.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] recently, studies investigating the effects of lavender oil in the context of psychiatric disorders have indicated potent pharmacological properties.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] the lavender and sleep hygiene group demonstrated better sleep quality at postintervention and two-week follow-up (psqi p=0 .01, <0.001 and promis p=0.04, 0.007, respectively).

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] the role lavender plays in the treatment of insomnia might be accomplished through the regulation of the key targets adrb1 and hla-drb1.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] subjects received an intermittent presentation (first 2 min of each 10 min interval) of an olfactory (lavender oil) or a control (distilled water) stimulus between 23:10 and 23:40 h. standard polysomnographic sleep and self-rated sleepiness and mood data were collected.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] aromatherapy with lavender essential oil similarly favors an increase in blood melatonin levels in both older adult men and women.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] given the absence of studies on comparing the effect of inhalation aromatherapy with lavender and peppermint on the sleep quality of the cancer patients, this study was performed to compare the effect of inhalation aromatherapy with lavender and peppermint essential oils on the sleep quality of cancer patients.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] findings demonstrate the positive impact of the lavender intervention on three domains of self-assessed well-being are energy, vibrancy, and sleep.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] the objective of this review is to identify the effectiveness of silexan oral lavender essential oil compared to inhaled lavender essential oil aromatherapy on sleep latency, sleep duration, sleep quality, disturbed sleep and anxiety in adult patients.

Does lavender scent help with sleep disorders? [SEP] to investigate the impact of lavender and sleep hygiene (lsh) compared to sleep hygiene (sh) alone on well-being as measured by the self-assessment of change questionnaire (sac) at post-intervention and two-week follow-up, and secondarily to compare the sac sleep item to results from standardized sleep surveys. |||

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] in clinical studies, sofosbuvir-velpatasvir has demonstrated high cure rates and favorable tolerability in patients chronically infected with chronic hepatitis c virus (hcv) of any genotype.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] in clinical trials, sofosbuvir showed high antiviral activity in patients infected with hepatitis c virus (hcv) across all genotypes.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] in december 2013, the us food and drug administration (fda) approved sofosbuvir (sovaldi) for the treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis c virus (hcv) infection.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] sofosbuvir (sof)-based regimens achieve excellent efficacy and safety in the treatment of chronic hepatitis c (chc) with various genotypes.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] this article reviews the clinical efficacy and tolerability of sofosbuvir in patients with chronic hepatitis c and summarizes its pharmacological properties.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] in conclusion, sofosbuvir represents an important advance in the treatment of chronic hepatitis c.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] to review clinical studies of the efficacy and safety of sofosbuvir-containing regimens in the treatment of chronic hepatitis c. using pubmed and search terms 'sofosbuvir,' 'emerging hcv treatment,' and 'hcv polymerase inhibitor,' literature on the clinical development of sofosbuvir, as well as abstracts presented at the november 2013 annual meeting of the american association for the study of liver diseases (aasld), was reviewed.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] the introduction of sofosbuvir has revolutionized the treatment of chronic hepatitis c. this study was planned to observe whether the efficacy and tolerability of sofosbuvir-based regimens demonstrated in phase 3 clinical trial results translate into real-life clinical practice.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] the recently launched nucleotide polymerase inhibitor sofosbuvir represents a significant turn in the treatment paradigm of chronic hepatitis c. while effective, sofosbuvir is also associated with a considerable cost.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] sofosbuvir-based treatment regimens achieve high svr rates in real-life cohort of indian patients with chronic hepatitis c infection (including those with cirrhosis).

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] in addition, the european medicines agency's committee for medicinal products for human use has recommended the approval of sofosbuvir for the treatment of chronic hepatitis c. this article summarizes the milestones in the development of sofosbuvir leading to this first approval for chronic hepatitis c.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] sofosbuvir (solvadi™), a nucleotide analogue hepatitis c virus ns5b polymerase inhibitor, is under development with gilead sciences for the once-daily, oral treatment of chronic hepatitis c. oral sofosbuvir has been approved in the us for the treatment of chronic hepatitis c as a component of a combination antiviral regimen.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] sofosbuvir (sovaldi(®)) is a nucleotide hepatitis c virus (hcv) ns5b polymerase inhibitor that has pangenotypic antiviral activity and a high genetic barrier to resistance.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] background &amp; aims: sofosbuvir is a powerful drug for the treatment of hepatitis c virus (hcv) infection.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] the approval of sofosbuvir (sof), a direct-acting antiviral, has revolutionized the treatment of chronic hepatitis c virus (hcv).

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] oral sofosbuvir was generally well tolerated in patients with chronic hepatitis c. the most commonly reported adverse events and laboratory abnormalities were consistent with those expected with ribavirin and peginterferon-α.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] sofosbuvir (sof), a direct acting antiviral, has revolutionized the treatment of chronic hepatitis c virus (hcv) infection.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] the availability of sofosbuvir (sof) has dramatically improved overall hcv cure rates, however there is insufficient data regarding its use in patients with ckd.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] to compare sustained viral response to sofosbuvir/ribavirin ±interferon therapy in patients of hepatitis c with and without liver cirrhosis.

Does the drug Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) enable high cure rates for chronic hepatitis C? [SEP] sofosbuvir (sovaldi, sof) is a nucleotide analog prodrug that targets the hepatitis c virus (hcv) nonstructural protein 5b (ns5b) polymerase and inhibits viral replication. |||

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] the antioxidant alpha-lipoic acid has been reported to prevent and reverse age-related impairments in learning and memory.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] preclinical and clinical evidence suggests that docosahexaenoic acid (dha), an omega-3 fatty acid derived from diet or synthesized in the liver, decreases the risk of developing alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] lipid lowering agents (llas) may have implications for the prevention of alzheimer's disease.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggest that a high intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as docosahexaenoic acid (dha), is associated with a reduced risk of alzheimer's disease.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] however, it is unclear how alpha-lipoic acid improves cognitive function.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] retinoic acid may therefore afford a novel therapeutic mechanism for the treatment and prevention of alzheimer disease.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] previously, we found that a high dietary consumption of retinoic acid was associated with a reduced incidence of alzheimer disease.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] llas may slow cognitive decline in alzheimer's disease and have a neuroprotective effect.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] several studies have shown the protective effects of dietary enrichment of various lipids in several late-onset animal models of alzheimer disease (ad); however, none of the studies has determined which structure within a lipid determines its detrimental or beneficial effects on ad.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] hdl-cholesterol transporter apolipoprotein a1 (apoa1) holds neuroprotective properties, such as inhibition of amyloid-β aggregation.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] alpha-tocopherol, a potent antioxidant, has been widely investigated as a dietary supplement with which to reduce the risk of atherosclerosis, and has recently been considered as a potential supplement to moderate oxidative neuronal damage in alzheimer's disease patients.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] several lines of evidence suggest that dysregulated lipid metabolism may participate in the pathogenesis of alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] dietary alpha-linolenic acid (ala) has been associated with reduced risk of development of atherosclerosis.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] cholesterol-induced production of amyloid beta (abeta) as a putative neurotoxin in alzheimer's disease (ad), along with epidemiological evidence, suggests that statin drugs may provide benefit in treatment of the disorder.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] in conclusion, our results suggest that the proposed protective role of dha in alzheimer's disease pathogenesis might be mediated by altered app processing and abeta production.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] high dietary cholesterol and low dietary docosahexaenoic acid (dha) intake are risk factors for alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] attenuating amyloid-beta mediated neurodegeneration is of major therapeutic consideration in the potential treatment of alzheimer disease.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] this investigation aimed to assess the effect of α- lipoic acid (la) on serum lipids, serum malondialdehyde (mda) and superoxide dismutase (sod) in patients with amd.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] several independent studies have shown this poorly lipidated apoe increases amyloid burden in mouse models of ad, demonstrating that apoe lipidation by abca1 affects key steps in amyloid deposition or clearance.

Does alpha lipoic acid help prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] this finding may provide some information regarding the mechanism of action of alpha-lipoic acid in the central nervous system (cns). |||

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] our aim was to assess the healthiness of the products offered in hvm and 'conventional' vending machines (cvm), located in the catalan institute of oncology.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] 'healthy' vending machines (hvm) have been introduced as a means to improve the availability and accessibility of healthy food options, and the healthiness of the foods, however, has not been evaluated.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] the healthy products offered in hvm accounted for 30%, 73%, and 52% of the total content, while cvm offered 6%, 32%, and 15% of the content, as assessed by who, npm-uk, and hsr, respectively.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] although not all products in hvm are rated as healthy by the different npms, the percentage of healthy products was significantly higher than those in cvm.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] all products available in vending machines (hvm (n = 33) and cvm (n = 62) were evaluate during three nutrient profile models (npms): the world health organization's european regional office model (who), nutrient profile model uk (npm-uk), and australian health star rating system (hsr).

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] regardless of the npm used, significant differences found in the proportion of healthy products among hvm and cvm (who: p-value = 0.005, npm-uk: p value < 0.001, hsr: p-value < 0.001).

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] it is unknown whether people use vitamin and mineral supplements (vms) to compensate for unhealthy diets, or people whom already have a healthy diet use vms.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] in consideration of health benefits, more digestible vinasses were investigated, which are associated with the use of different raw cereals and fermented leavens.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] this study evaluated the impact of altering nutritious options to vending machines throughout the banner health organization by comparing vended items' sales and nutrition information over 6 months compared to the same 6 months of the previous year.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] the results of this study are important for designing healthy vinasse products by controlling starch structures and digestion rates.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] changing vending machine composition toward more nutritious options.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] increasing the proportion of healthier options in vending machines from 20% to 80% significantly lowered the amount of calories, sodium, fat, and sugar vended, while not reducing units vended or having a negative financial impact.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] various studies have demonstrated that the nutrient and non-nutrient substances present in vegetables and fruit (v&f) are most likely to be responsible for the beneficial effect of the increased v&f consumption.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] urged by scientific evidence, current dietary guidelines strongly recommend the consumption of v&f in substantial amounts.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] the results revealed that for vms use, gender, age, education, chronic illness, health consciousness, benefits of fortification, convenience food and sugar-sweetened beverage consumption were of importance.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] to determine whether increasing the proportion of healthier options in vending machines decreases the amount of calories, fat, sugar, and sodium vended, while maintaining total sales revenue.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] a number of research studies have been performed on different formulations of vasa and its effect on shwasa roga.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] vending machines promote easy access to food with low nutritional value.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] vanillin (va) and vanillyl alcohol (vaa), components of natural vanilla, and ethyl vanillin (etva; synthetic analog) are used as flavoring agents and/or as additives by the food, cosmetic, or pharmaceutic industries.

Are Vemma products good for health? [SEP] it was found in the review that vasa ghana, vasa ghrita (1), and vasa avaleha have shown good results on tamaka shwasa. |||

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] over-the-counter cough and cold medicines are widely prescribed by general pediatricians in order to relieve cough and other symptoms in the setting of upper respiratory infections.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] accordingly they often use over-the-counter (otc) cough medications (mucolytics or cough suppressants).

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] accordingly they often use over-the-counter (otc) cough medications (mucolytics or cough suppressants).

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] accordingly they often use over-the-counter (otc) cough medications (mucolytics or cough suppressants).

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] eight of the 11 participants believed that at least one over the-counter cough medicine (most frequently benylin for chesty coughs) could shorten, or "cure", an illness.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] to assess the effects of oral otc cough preparations for acute cough.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] to assess the effects of oral otc cough preparations for acute cough in children and adults in community settings.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] according to the limited data that exist, there is not any evidence that over-the-counter cough and cold medicines are effective in children.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] to assess the effects of oral otc cough preparations for acute cough in children and adults.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] cough is the commonest symptom for which patients seek medical care and yet effective, well-tolerated cough medicines remain a significant unmet clinical need.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] the articles cited will review the efficacy of over-the-counter cough medicines, the emerging trend of abuse of certain preparations such as dextromethorphan, and specific cases of morbidity and even mortality.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] pediatricians must weigh the benefits against the potential risks of recommending over-the-counter cough medicines and should be prepared to educate parents about the expected natural course of their child's illness and the likelihood that these medications will be minimally effective in relieving symptoms, if at all.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] to examine lay beliefs about over-the-counter medicines for coughs and colds.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] this article will review the pharmacologic components found in over-the-counter cough medicines, the data concerning their use and efficacy in children, the increasing trend of abuse of these medications, and their potential toxicity.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] three trials found antihistamines were no more effective than placebo in relieving cough symptoms.in the children studies antitussives (two studies), antihistamines (two studies), antihistamine decongestants (two studies) and antitussive/bronchodilator combinations (one study) were no more effective than placebo.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] three trials found that antihistamines were no more effective than placebo in relieving cough symptoms.in the child studies, antitussives (data from three studies), antihistamines (data from three studies), antihistamine-decongestants (two studies) and antitussive/bronchodilator combinations (one study) were no more effective than placebo.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of otc cough medications as an adjunct to antibiotics in children and adults with pneumonia.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of otc cough medications as an adjunct to antibiotics in children and adults with pneumonia.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of otc cough medications as an adjunct to antibiotics in children and adults with pneumonia.

Do over-the-counter cough medicines relieve cough symptoms? [SEP] randomised controlled trials (rcts) comparing oral otc cough preparations with placebo in children and adults suffering from acute cough in community settings. |||

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] dietary vitamin k intake is thought to decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease (cvd) by reducing vascular calcification, although vitamin k is also involved in coagulation.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] dietary vitamin k is thought to decrease risk of cardiovascular disease by reducing coronary calcification, but inconsistent results are reported.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] in this review we summarize current knowledge regarding clinical data on vitamin k in skeletal and cardiovascular health, and discuss the potential of vitamin k supplementation as a health benefit.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] this review will discuss the presence of: (i) vitamin k1 and k2 in the diet; (ii) the methods of quantitating vitamin k compounds in foods; and (iii) provide an overview of the evidence for the cardiovascular health benefits of vitamin k in observational and clinical trials.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] vitamin k refers to a group of fat-soluble vitamins important for blood coagulation, reducing inflammation, regulating blood calcium metabolism, as well as bone metabolism, all of which may play a role in promoting cardiovascular health.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] increasing evidence implicates a role for vitamin k in calcification of arteries and atherogenesis.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] recent prospective evidences suggest that dietary vitamin k plays an essential role in anticoagulation stability.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] six months of vitamin k2 supplementation did not improve markers of vascular health or physical function in older patients with vascular disease.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] the role of vitamin k in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis and arterial calcification is examined.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] a high dietary intake of vitamin k1 (phylloquinone) and vitamin k2 (menaquinones) is thought to decrease cardiovascular disease risk by reducing vascular calcification.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] the purpose of this literature review is to evaluate the protective role of vitamin k in bone and vascular health.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] vitamin k is a potent regulator of vascular dynamics and prevents vascular calcification.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] the aim of this study was to examine whether daily supplementation with oral vitamin k could improve vascular health and physical function in older people with established vascular disease.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] recent work suggests a link between vitamin k insufficiency and deficiency with vascular calcification, a marker of advanced atherosclerosis.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] vitamin k dependent proteins have been demonstrated to inhibit vascular calcification.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] recently, vitamin k has emerged as a potential protector against osteoporosis, atherosclerosis, and hepatocarcinoma.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] after adjustment for traditional risk factors and dietary factors, we observed an inverse association between vitamin k(2) and risk of chd with a hazard ratio (hr) of 0.91 [95% ci 0.85-1.00] per 10 microg/d vitamin k(2) intake.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] available clinical evidences indicate that a high vitamin k status can exert a protective role in the inflammatory and mineralization processes associated with the onset and progression of age-related diseases.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] vitamin k is a multifunctional micronutrient implicated in age-related diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, osteoarthritis and osteoporosis.

Does a diet rich in vitamin K2 protect against diseases of the cardiovascular system? [SEP] to examine the relationship between dietary vitamins k(1) and k(2) intake, and its subtypes, and the incidence of chd. |||

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] therapeutic footwear with specially-made insoles is often used in people with diabetes and rheumatoid arthritis to relieve ulcer risks and pain due to high pressures from areas beneath bony prominences of the foot, in particular to the metatarsal heads (mths).

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] insoles are frequently used in orthotic therapy as the standard conservative treatment for symptomatic flatfoot deformity to rebuild the arch and stabilize the foot.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] in-shoe foot orthoses improve conditions such as plantar heel pain (fasciitis), probably due to their ability to raise the medial longitudinal arch of the foot and lower the stress on the plantar tissues.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] dynamic impression insoles effectively relieve metatarsal pain because of a larger weight-bearing area.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] commercially available shoe insoles and orthoses are increasingly incorporating novel design features to alleviate foot and lower limb symptoms, but this may be at a cost to optimal functional performance.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] orthotic shoe insoles are widely used to prevent lower limb overuse injuries.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] the insoles were molded to the shape of the foot to provide support during physical activity.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] after using the dynamic impression insole, the mean pain score was significantly reduced from 7.6 to 1.1 (p<0.001), and six participants experienced total pain-relief in walking.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] we therefore asked whether laterally wedged insoles or valgus braces would reduce pain, enhance functional scores, and correct varus malalignment comparable to knee braces.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] in this study, we assessed the effectiveness of therapeutic insoles for flatfoot deformity using subject-based three-dimensional (3d) computed tomography (ct) models by evaluating the load responses of the bones in the medial longitudinal arch in vivo in 3d.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] a frequently-used treatment is an over-the-counter insole to normalize foot mechanics and relieve pain.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] we experimentally investigated the effects of orthopedic insoles (oi) and shoes (os) in pwh presenting ankle arthropathy, with specific attention being paid to pain, spatiotemporal parameters, kinematics and kinetics of lower limb joints, as well mechanical and energetic variables.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] this is the first study to precisely verify the usefulness of therapeutic insoles (arch support and inner wedges) in vivo.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] footwear interventions are often prescribed to assist with the management of lower limb pain, injury and disease.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] compared with the accessory insoles, the therapeutic insoles significantly suppressed the eversion of the talocalcaneal joint.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] in a three-dimensional finite element study of the foot and footwear with sensitivity analysis, effects of geometrical variations of a therapeutic insole, in terms of insole thicknesses and metatarsal pad (mp) placements, on local peak plantar pressure under mths and stress/strain states within various forefoot tissues, were determined.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] our findings suggest that routine use of orthotic insoles does not prevent physical-stress-related lower limb injuries in healthy young male adults.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] however, high-heeled shoes can also reduce the strain on plantar fascia, which may be beneficial for the treatment of plantar fasciitis.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to evaluate if a sandal that incorporates the arch-profile of an in-shoe foot orthosis does indeed raise the medial longitudinal arch.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with high arches? [SEP] however, insoles are safe and less costly than knee bracing if they relieve pain or improve function. |||

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] commercially available shoe insoles and orthoses are increasingly incorporating novel design features to alleviate foot and lower limb symptoms, but this may be at a cost to optimal functional performance.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] therapeutic footwear with specially-made insoles is often used in people with diabetes and rheumatoid arthritis to relieve ulcer risks and pain due to high pressures from areas beneath bony prominences of the foot, in particular to the metatarsal heads (mths).

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] people who have extremely high arched feet or pes cavus often suffer from substantial foot pain.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] dynamic impression insoles effectively relieve metatarsal pain because of a larger weight-bearing area.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] these results provide some limited support for the use of simple insoles to control for excessive foot pronation during walking.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] people who have extremely high arched feet are subject to substantial foot pain, despite a lack of obvious pathology.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] in-shoe foot orthoses improve conditions such as plantar heel pain (fasciitis), probably due to their ability to raise the medial longitudinal arch of the foot and lower the stress on the plantar tissues.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] we experimentally investigated the effects of orthopedic insoles (oi) and shoes (os) in pwh presenting ankle arthropathy, with specific attention being paid to pain, spatiotemporal parameters, kinematics and kinetics of lower limb joints, as well mechanical and energetic variables.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] in a three-dimensional finite element study of the foot and footwear with sensitivity analysis, effects of geometrical variations of a therapeutic insole, in terms of insole thicknesses and metatarsal pad (mp) placements, on local peak plantar pressure under mths and stress/strain states within various forefoot tissues, were determined.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] footwear interventions are often prescribed to assist with the management of lower limb pain, injury and disease.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to establish the effect of simple non moulded flat based insoles on three-dimensional foot motion during normal walking.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] this study was designed to evaluate the effects of over-the-counter silicone insoles on the gait patterns of patients with flexible flatfoot.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] over-the-counter insoles have no beneficial effect in normalizing forces acting on the foot and on the entire lower extremity in adults with flexible flatfoot.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] a frequently-used treatment is an over-the-counter insole to normalize foot mechanics and relieve pain.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] custom molded insoles with metatarsal supports are used to redistribute excessive loading under the metatarsal heads in patients with metatarsalgia.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] orthoses can help alleviate pain that stems from abnormal foot biomechanics, such as overpronation or rigid pes cavus.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] after using the dynamic impression insole, the mean pain score was significantly reduced from 7.6 to 1.1 (p<0.001), and six participants experienced total pain-relief in walking.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to evaluate if a sandal that incorporates the arch-profile of an in-shoe foot orthosis does indeed raise the medial longitudinal arch.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] seventeen consecutive rheumatoid arthritic outpatients with metatarsal pain participated in this repeated measures study of 7-mm flat ethylene vinyl acetate, custom molded and dynamic impression insoles.

Can shoe insoles relieve pain in people with foot deformities other than high arch? [SEP] footwear comfort in many clinical situations is dependent on the ability of the 'shoe' to redistribute plantar pressure. |||

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] the use of inappropriate soils can result in contamination of ground waters with microbes and nutrients.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] frequently, wdvs are used to irrigate agricultural soil, and/or discharged into aquatic bodies, which may result in serious environmental pollution, due to the presence of organic acids and recalcitrant compounds (polyphenols, tannins and metals).

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] the input of pesticides, transport in soil and transfer to the water environment together with their probable impacts on water quality are determined by conducting detailed field surveys and water residue analyses.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] in case of soils, soil users may wonder whether the soil is 'fit for use'.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] although fecal indicators like have often been detected in tile drainage systems, few studies have monitored groundwater at depth after manure treatments, especially at sites with a deep, heterogeneous vadose zone.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] in conclusion, the findings suggest that wdvs might have a high toxicological impact on both terrestrial plants and aquatic organisms, even at high dilution levels, reinforcing the need for appropriate treatments before considering its discharge or reuse.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] the results and findings show the significance of the use of pesticides as they exist in the water environment around and/or slightly above the limits stated in the national current regulations except dichlorvos which presents very high values compared to its tolerance limit.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] a dry soil layer (dsl) is a common soil desiccation phenomenon that generally forms at a particular depth in the soil profile because of climatic factors and poor land management, and this phenomenon can influence the water cycle and has been observed on the loess plateau of china and other similar regions around the world.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] freshwater organisms inhabiting water bodies adjacent to agricultural areas, such as ditches, ponds and marshes, are good models to test such effects as various pesticides may reach these habitats through several ways, including aerial drift, run-off, and drainage.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] in soils where stones are close to the surface, especially where the soil matrix is sandy, we anticipate that shallow groundwater is vulnerable to microbial contamination under some land management practices.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] soil degradation and salinization are two of the utmost threat affecting agricultural areas, derived from the increasing use of low quality water and inappropriate cultural practices.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] soil electrical conductivity accordingly increased in soil layers above drip lines, but the range was significantly lower than the threshold for soil salinity.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] soil k+, mg2+ and na+ concentrations increased in soil layers above the drip lines, but decreased in soil layers below drip lines.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] dolines or sinkholes are earth depressions that develop in soluble rocks complexes such as limestone, dolomite, gypsum, anhydrite, and halite; dolines appear in a variety of shapes from nearly circular to complex structures with highly curved perimeters.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] breakthrough curves revealed that the potential for to leach through the soils was high for selwyn very stony soil and low for other soils analyzed.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] this paper proposes and discusses a site-oriented approach in the risk assessment of diffusely contaminated sites that can be used in addition to the compound-oriented policies from which the abovementioned generic quality criteria were derived.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] this paper synthesized 69 recent publications (1,149 observations of dsls from 73 sites) that focused on dsls in this region, and the results indicated that dsls are significantly affected by climatic and vegetation factors.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] dark septate endophytes (dses) are abundant in stressful environments, including trace element (te)-enriched soils.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] pesticides used on agricultural lands are among the significant diffuse sources of pollutants.

Can dowsers find harmful soil zones or water veins? [SEP] within the scope of the study, the behavior and fate of pesticides both in soil and water are investigated in detail. |||

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] this article highlights how biofeedback therapy is used to treat these problems and improve patients' quality of life.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] clinical biofeedback may be used to manage disease symptoms as well as to improve overall health and wellness through stress management training.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] heart rate variability biofeedback (hrvb), which is based on slowed breathing, was shown to improve symptom severity in various disorders.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] successful treatment employing biofeedback can be beneficial for several stress-related and pain conditions, as well as other forms of somatic disturbance.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] biofeedback is often therapeutic; however, evidence is often lacking that its effectiveness is due to biofeedback-trained changes in a target physiological process.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] preliminary studies suggest that heart rate variability biofeedback may be useful in improving symptoms and quality of life in patients with cardiac disease, and early studies suggest a possible effect of biofeedback on remodeling of the failing heart.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] the literature on the use of biofeedback and various forms of relaxation training in the treatment of psychophysiological disorders was reviewed; special attention was devoted to studies in which biofeedback and some form of relaxation training were compared.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] examination of biofeedback relaxation therapy with a false-feedback condition could produce data on physiological changes suitable to clarify findings.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] thus far, results of experiments utilizing biofeedback techniques have suggested positive effects in the remediation of speech disorders.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] thus, the additional use of biofeedback mechanism in complex treatment of ra patients promote increased efficiency of medical and rehabilitation process and improvement of level of self-control in the patients.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] in general, patients express satisfaction and perceive functional improvement following biofeedback therapy; however, quantifying these observations has been difficult.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] research has shown that biofeedback interventions are efficacious in treating a variety of medical conditions, and many americans are turning to biofeedback and other less traditional therapies for their routine healthcare.clinical biofeedback training is growing increasingly popular in the usa, as many people are seeking out relatively new approaches to healthcare.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] biofeedback is a behavioural therapy used to treat people with bowel dysfunction, such as constipation or faecal incontinence, who do not respond to standard treatment.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] this study was undertaken to evaluate the physiologic benefits of biofeedback therapy as reflected by noninvasive electromyography parameters.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] biofeedback as delivered in most clinical settings in western medicine has been consistently reported to improve symptoms of fecal incontinence.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] biofeedback is increasingly used as an adjunct to stress management in cardiac rehabilitation programs, providing the impetus for a large-scale, systematic study of self-regulation in cardiac disease.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] many assertions about the effectiveness of biofeedback training are based on findings of the least well-controlled studies, while many of the better controlled studies have failed to show that biofeedback directly mediates target symptoms or is superior to other treatments.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] biofeedback can improve cutaneous problems that have an autonomic nervous system component.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] much research has focused on the efficacy of biofeedback therapy; however, previous studies only compared biofeedback treatment with no-treatment conditions or pre- and posttest data.

Does bioresonance therapy help with health complaints? [SEP] biofeedback interventions have been deemed efficacious or probably efficacious in treating a number of medical disorders, and are increasingly embraced by the public as well as by health care providers and payors. |||

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] recent studies have demonstrated that adjunctive treatment procedures, such as laser irradiation or photodynamic therapy (pdt), may provide some additional benefit in the treatment of chronic periodontitis (cp).

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] the present study suggests that a combined course of photodynamic therapy with low-level laser therapy could be a beneficial adjunct to nonsurgical treatment of chronic periodontitis on a short-term basis.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] photoablative laser treatment is commonly used for gingival de-epithelization in patients with chronic periodontitis or hyperpigmentation.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] compared to conventional fluoridation, combined laser irradiation and fluoridation was shown to be effective in the treatment of hypersensitive dental necks.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] based on the results of this review, gingivitis prevention and treatment studies are valid approaches to show treatment effects, and their utilization is dependent upon whether the intention is to evaluate "reducing the onset of gingivitis" or "reducing the severity of existing gingivitis."

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] collectively, the findings demonstrated the efficacy of stabilized stannous fluoride toothpaste, cpc rinses, and o-r electric toothbrushes in improving gingival health both in longer-term prevention and shorter-term treatment models.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] the results of this study show suppression of cox-2 in gingival tissue after low-level laser treatment as adjunct to srp.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] adjunctive treatments to scaling and root planing (srp) such as lasers, have been utilized in the treatment of chronic periodontitis, mainly aiming to suppress and eliminate the bacteria, as well as enhancing the healing response.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] it is concluded that the use of the co(2) laser was effective in the treatment of gingival hyperplasia.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] twenty-four nonsmoking adults with untreated chronic periodontitis were randomly assigned in a split-mouth design to receive scaling and root debridement with or without one course of adjunctive photodynamic therapy and low-level laser therapy within 5 d. plaque, bleeding on probing, probing depth and gingival recession were recorded at baseline, 1 and 3 mo after the treatment.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] nineteen patients with chronic periodontitis, seven of whom showing gingival hyperpigmentation, were subjected to de-epithelization with an 810 nm diode laser used in continuous (1 w, 66.67 j/cm2) or pulsed wave mode (69 μj, 18 μs, 8000 hz, corresponding to peak/mean power of 3.8 w/0.6 w, 40 j/cm2), depending upon individual gingival features.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] representative published clinical trials evaluating the shorter- and longer-term anti-gingivitis efficacy of stannous fluoride dentifrice, cetylpyridinium chloride (cpc) rinse, and oscillating-rotating (o-r) electric rechargeable toothbrushes were reviewed.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] this study further supports the favorable characteristics of photoablative diode laser for gingival de-epithelization.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] the purpose of this short-term clinical trial was to evaluate the effects of a combination of photodynamic therapy with low-level laser therapy as an adjunct to nonsurgical treatment of chronic periodontitis.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] to review the application of gingivitis prevention and treatment models to assess the efficacy of mechanical and chemotherapeutic oral hygiene interventions following shorter- and longer-term use.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] further studies are required to assess the long-term effectiveness of the combination of photodynamic therapy with low-level laser therapy as an adjunct in nonsurgical treatment of periodontitis.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] thus, this study evaluated the effectiveness of two types of lasers (660 nm wavelength red, and 830 nm wavelength infrared) as dentine desensitizers, as well as both the immediate and late therapeutic effects in individuals 25 to 45 years of age.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] the application of laser as a monotherapy has been shown to reduce probing pocket depths and increase clinical attachment levels after treatment of patients suffering from chronic periodontitis.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] the present study aimed to assess the effect of the use of the co(2) laser on the treatment of gingival hyperplasia in orthodontic patients wearing fixed appliances.

Do irradiations with cold red light help with chronic gingivitis? [SEP] gingival curettage has long been used as a modality in periodontal therapy. |||

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] the aspireassist system was associated with greater weight loss than lifestyle counseling alone.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] the aspireassist® system (aspire bariatrics, inc. king of prussia, pa) is an endoscopic weight loss therapy utilizing a customized percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube and an external device to aspirate approximately 30% of ingested calories after a meal, in conjunction with lifestyle counseling.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] the aspireassist system (aspireassist) is an endoscopic weight loss device that is comprised of an endoscopically placed percutaneous gastrostomy tube and an external device to facilitate drainage of about 30% of the calories consumed in a meal, in conjunction with lifestyle (diet and exercise) counseling.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] this article will highlight the effectiveness of aspiration therapy as a novel and safe approach for weight loss in patients in obesity.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] weight loss results from both fewer calories consumed, and from modifications in lifestyle and mealtime behaviors that patients make as a result of having the device installed.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] aspiration therapy is an efficient and safe treatment for obesity, and weight reduction improves quality of life.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] this study establishes that aspiration therapy is a safe, effective, and durable weight loss therapy in people with classes ii and iii obesity in a clinical setting.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] after 1 year, subjects in the aspiration therapy group lost 18.6% ± 2.3% of their body weight (49.0% ± 7.7% of excess weight loss [ewl]) and those in the lifestyle therapy group lost 5.9% ± 5.0% (14.9% ± 12.2% of ewl) (p < .04).

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] aspiration therapy is a weight loss therapy in the united states for patients with a body mass index between 35 kg/m2 and 55 kg/m2.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] this study evaluated the efficacy and safety of the novel aspireassist® aspiration therapy system for treatment of obesity, and its effect on patient's quality of life.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] aspiration therapy allows patients to remove up to one-third of calories consumed at a meal and causes patients to eat fewer calories than prior to starting treatment.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] a total of 58.6% of participants in the aspireassist group and 15.3% of participants in the lifestyle counseling group lost at least 25% of their excess body weight (p<0.001).

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] in a pilot study, aspiration therapy appears to be a safe and effective long-term weight loss therapy for obesity.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] the first commercially available device for aspiration therapy, the aspireassist (aspire bariatrics, king of prussia, pa), was approved by the food and drug administration in 2016 for weight loss for greater than 6 months duration in patients with a body mass index of 35-55.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] seven of the 10 subjects in the aspiration therapy group completed an additional year of therapy and maintained a 20.1% ± 3.5% body weight loss (54.6% ± 12.0% of ewl).

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] aspiration therapy is a safe and effective new treatment of obesity.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] weight loss improves asthma control and lung function.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] weight loss significantly reduced ahi.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] despite its recent approval by the us food and drug administration and health canada, aspiration therapy-one of the latest weight loss treatments-remains controversial.

Does the Aspire system help you lose weight? [SEP] weight loss leads to improvement of obstructive sleep apnea (osa), based on frequency of respiratory events (apnea-hypopnea index, ahi). |||

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] our results confirm the effectiveness of joint lavage in the management of painful osteoarthritis of the knee.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] to assess the efficacy and safety of topical diclofenac diethylamine gel, 1.16%, 4 g applied qid for 3 weeks to relieve the symptoms of osteoarthritis (oa) of the knee.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] our data suggest anthraquinone-2,6-disulfonic acid is worth exploring for treating osteoarthritis.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] although the osteoarthritis (oa) burden is well-recognised, the benefit of currently available oa pharmacological therapy is not clear.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] pain was significantly reduced in a group of osteoarthritis patients after administration of intravenous lignocaine.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] the main aim of the study was to assess the efficacy and safety of "tlpl/ay/03/2008", a polyherbal formulation on knee joint pain assessed on visual analogue scale (vas) and western ontario and mcmaster universities osteoarthritis index (womac).

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] we asked whether anthraquinone-2,6-disulfonic acid might act as a disease-modifying osteoarthritis drug.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] diclofenac gel was effective and safe for relief of symptoms of oa of the knee over 3 weeks of dosing.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] at the end of the study, patients rated diclofenac gel as significantly more effective in treating the pain of oa of the knee (p = 0.03) compared to placebo.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] in summary, quercetin could alleviate oa through attenuating the ros levels, reversing the mitochondrial dysfunction and keeping the integrality of extracellular matrix of joint cartilage.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] the existence of a neuropathic component to the pain of osteoarthritis was investigated by examining possible benefits upon sensory aspects of pain in osteoarthritis patients receiving intravenous lignocaine therapy.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] despite the severity of osteoarthritis (oa), current medical therapy strategies for oa aim at symptom control and pain reduction, as there is no ideal drug for effective oa treatment.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] a strong clinical impression exists that joint lavage often provides symptomatic relief for painful osteoarthritis of the knee.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] viscosupplementation is a symptomatic treatment of osteoarthritis (oa) intended to restore rheologic homeostasis of the synovial fluid by injecting hyaluronic acid intraarticularly.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] viscosupplementation has been used for decades to treat mild to moderate osteoarthritis, yet it is unknown if the lubricating function of different pathological synovial fluids (sf) vary, or if they respond differentially to viscosupplementation.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] two hundred and one patients (305 knees) with rheumatoid arthritis received intra-articular osmic acid in one or both knees.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] pharmacologic treatment of osteoarthritis has been confined mostly to analgesic or nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs that only modify the symptoms.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] it was found that heat application every other day decreased pain and disability of the patients with knee osteoarthritis.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] osteoarthritis (oa) is a major cause of physical disability and impaired quality of life.

Can FLEXISEQ ointment relieve osteoarthritis pain? [SEP] local heat application is used as a non-pharmacological practice for the treatment of knee osteoarthritis. |||

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] we studied whether butterbur had the potential as an efficient and well-tolerated migraine preventive in children and adolescents.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] such atten uation in pain and neurogenic inflammation may account for the anti-migraine action of butterbur.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] two randomized and placebo-controlled trials with a total of 289 migraine patients have demonstrated the efficacy and safety of a special butterbur root extract in the reduction of migraine attacks in adults.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] to explore the role of a special butterbur root extract for migraine prevention in children and adolescents with severe migraines.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] butterbur root extract shows a potential as an effective and well-tolerated migraine prophylaxis also for children and teenagers.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] the mechanism of the anti-migraine action of extracts of butterbur [petasites hybridus (l.) gaertn.]

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] the results and low rate of adverse events in this open prospective migraine prevention study in children and adolescents are similar to the results of two multicenter placebo-controlled butterbur studies in adults.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] we therefore hypothesized that a cgrp-receptor antagonist might be effective in the treatment of migraine attacks.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] we review migraine treatment with emphasis on prophylaxis.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] the cgrp antagonist bibn 4096 bs was effective in treating acute attacks of migraine.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] non-pharmacological management of migraine largely consists of lifestyle advice to help sufferers avoid situations in which attacks will be triggered.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] the effects of butterbur (bb), a herbal remedy, as add-on therapy to inhaled corticosteroids in patients with atopic asthma is currently unknown.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] further studies are now indicated to investigate the use of butterbur in persistent allergic rhinitis.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] there was no difference in incidence of migraine-like attacks after carbachol (n = 8) compared with placebo (n = 6) (p = 0.687).

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] if a patient has frequent, severely debilitating migraine headaches, prophylactic treatment may help.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] there are presently no placebo-controlled data regarding the effects of butterbur (bb) on subjective and objective outcomes in patients with perennial allergic rhinitis.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] previous studies of intermittent allergic rhinitis (iar) have demonstrated a comparable response to butterbur compared with a histamine h1-receptor antagonist on the 36-item short-form health survey quality-of-life score.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] an alternative approach to migraine management is based on prophylactic medications that reduce attack frequency.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] patients were treated with 50 to 150 mg of the butterbur root extract depending on age for a period of 4 months.

Can butterbur prevent migraine attacks? [SEP] butterbur (petasites hybridus) contains the active ingredient petasin, which exhibits antileukotriene and antihistamine activity. |||

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] bisphenol a (bpa) has been linked with pediatric asthma development and allergic airway inflammation in animal models.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] we examined associations between bisphenols and morbidity due to pediatric asthma.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] bisphenol a, an environmental contaminant, widely used as a monomer in polycarbonate plastics, has been shown to cause abnormalities in liver of rats and mice.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] bisphenols, particularly bisphenol a (4,4'-(hexafluoroisopropylidene)-diphenol) (bpa), are suspected of inducing oxidative stress in humans, which may be associated with adverse health outcomes.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] our finding indicated that bps exposure promoted the splenomegaly, pro-inflammatory activation and morphological alterations, as well as induced the lipidome perturbation in the immune cells of white pulp, which might be expected to contribute a new perspective of bisphenol-induced organ injury.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] numerous reports have shown a link between bisphenol exposure, human contamination and increased health problems.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] the results indicated that bisphenol a induces oxidative stress in the liver of rats by decreasing the antioxidant enzymes.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] here the possible effects of bpa, bisphenol f (bpf), bisphenol s (bps), as well as the brominated structural analogue and widely used flame retardant tetrabromobisphenol a (tbbpa) on human glucocorticoid and androgen receptor (gr and ar) activation were assessed.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] considering the intimate correlation between bpa and metabolic diseases, we explored whether bisphenol s (bps), a major substitute to bpa, could cause the splenic toxicity by disturbing the lipid metabolism in mouse model.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] increasing attention has been paid to bisphenol a and bisphenol (bp) analogues due to high production volumes, wide usage and potential adverse effects.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] reactive oxygen species (ros) induced by bisphenol a (bpa) have been implicated in cellular oxidative damage and carcinogenesis.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] the widespread use of bisphenol a (bpa) substitutes has aroused great attention towards their toxicological evaluation in vivo and in vitro.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] testicular steroidogenesis was altered by all bisphenol analogues tested.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] bisphenol a is a commercially important chemical used to make polycarbonate plastic, epoxy resins, and other specialty products.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] in all studies, bpa exposure was reported, whereas some studies also reported other bisphenols.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] we investigated the associations between exposure to bisphenols and biomarkers of oxidative stress in human studies over the last 12 years (2008‒2019) related to six health endpoints and evaluated their suitability as effect biomarkers.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] several bisphenols including bisphenol ap, bisphenol m, or bisphenol p exerted genotoxic potentials that are greater than that of bpa.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] whether exposure to bpa or its structural analogs bisphenol s (bps) and bisphenol f (bpf) is associated with asthma morbidity remains unknown.

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] if eye damage was excluded in assigning an air concentration exposure range, then bisphenol a would band as "d" (>0.01 to 0.1 mg/m3) under tier 1 (based on reproductive toxicity and respiratory/skin sensitization) and under tier 2 (based on specific target organ toxicity-repeated exposure).

Does bisphenol A trigger allergies? [SEP] both intracellular ros level and gst activity were significantly increased (p < 0.05) in response to each dosage of bisphenol analogs exposures. |||

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] new evidence is emerging to suggest that maggots might contribute to wound healing in other ways.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] this study aimed to explore the effectiveness of maggot therapy as compared to hydrogel dressings in the healing of chronic wounds.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] maggots have been used successfully to treat chronic, long-standing, infected wounds which failed to respond to conventional treatment by many beneficial effects on the wound including debridement, disinfection, and healing enhancement.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] the medicinal use of maggots for the biological debridement of chronic wounds is increasing around the world, due to its efficacy, safety and simplicity.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] maggots, through their excretions and secretions (es), promote wound healing by removing necrotic tissue, counter bacterial infection, and activate wound associated cells.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] it is now a universally acknowledged fact that maggot therapy can be used successfully to treat chronic, long-standing, infected wounds, which have previously failed to respond to conventional treatment.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] maggot therapy may therefore improve wound healing through the secondary effects of these gene changes in the wound cells.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] for centuries, maggot therapy (mt) has been recognized as an aid to wound healing.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] this review will discuss research exploring new benefits of maggots in the management of individuals with chronic leg ulcers.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] the beneficial effects of maggots on chronic wounds may be explained in part by inhibition of multiple pro-inflammatory responses of activated neutrophils by es.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] the use of maggot therapy is experiencing a revival in the treatment of problem wounds.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] the increasing evidences indicate that maggot excretions/secretions (es) plays important roles in the wounds healing process.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] maggot therapy has the following three core beneficial effects on a wound: debridement, disinfection and enhanced healing.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] to examine the efficacy of maggot debridement therapy (mdt) in the debridement of chronic wounds in a military hospital.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] maggot therapy should be considered for faster wound debridement, granulation tissue development, and wound surface area reduction as well as in surgical contraindications.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] for centuries, maggots have been used for the treatment of wounds by a variety of ancient cultures, as part of their traditional medicine.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] maggot therapy is a simple and highly successful method for healing of infected and necrotic wounds.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] maggot-therapy is the application of disinfected fly larvae to chronic wounds to debride the wound bed of necrotic tissue, reduce bacterial contamination and enhance the formation of healthy granulation tissue.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] the use of maggot therapy is on the rise, owing to recognized limitations in our current medical and surgical wound care options.

Can maggots accelerate the healing of chronic wounds compared to conventional treatment? [SEP] there is renewed interest in the use of maggots (lucilia sericata) to aid in healing of chronic wounds. |||

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] the powered brush was significantly more efficient in removing plaque and improving gingival health than the manual brush in the group of subjects unfamiliar with electric brushes.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] the results of this study demonstrate that the electric toothbrush was numerically more effective than the manual toothbrush in reducing supragingival plaque levels, either before or after brushing, at each examination date compared to baseline plaque values.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] because the toothbrush can still be described as the most important oral hygiene aid, possible differences between the effectivity of electric and manual toothbrushes should be tested in the present study.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] studies comparing the effectiveness of plaque, gingivitis and bleeding reduction between power and manual toothbrushes were included.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] with regard to caries and gingivitis prevalence modern electric toothbrushes for children can be considered equally efficient like conventional manual toothbrushes for children with children of normal caries risk.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] many short-term studies have compared the effectiveness of an electric toothbrush in plaque removal to that of a conventional, manual toothbrush.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] powered toothbrushes produce less wear than manual brushes.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] the electrically active toothbrushes demonstrated better plaque removal than the inactive toothbrushes.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] power toothbrushes were significantly more effective in reducing plaque index (26 trials: smd = 0.86, 95% ci: 0.58 to 1.14, i2 = 91.5%, p < .0001), gingival index (14 trials: smd = 0.47, 95% ci: 0.12 to 0.82, i2 = 88.7%, p < .0001), and bleeding index (11 trials: smd = 0.92, 95% ci: 0.43 to 1.40, i2 = 91.8%, p < .0001) compared with the manual toothbrushes, except that there was no significant differences between the oscillating-rotating toothbrushes and manual toothbrushes regarding gingivitis reduction (7 trials: smd = 0.07, 95% ci: -0.20 to 0.33, i2 = 57.2%, p = .03).conclusions: power toothbrushes is more effective in reducing dental plaque, gingivitis and bleeding compared with the manual toothbrush.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] objective: power toothbrushes is considered an effective tool for maintaining oral health; however, its efficacy as compared to manual toothbrushes is still not completely clarified.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] : the present study compared the efficacy in plaque removal of an electric and a manual toothbrush in a general population and analysed the learning effect in efficient handling.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] the electric toothbrush and the chlorhexidine mouth rinse appear to control dental plaque more effectively than manual teethbrushing alone.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] this article aims to evaluate the efficacy of power toothbrushes compared with the manual toothbrushes in terms of plaque, gingivitis and bleeding reduction.methods: an electronic search was performed on pubmed, web of science, wiley and research gate.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] this study compared the effectiveness of three different types of electric toothbrushes, i.e., interplak, philips, and rotadent, with a manual multitufted toothbrush (blend-a-med), in removing supragingival plaque and in preventing the development of gingivitis in adolescent patients with fixed orthodontic appliances.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] with the variety of toothbrushes on the market, the question arises, which toothbrush is best suited to maintain oral health?

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] the aim of this study was to compare the efficacy of electric toothbrushes with that of manual brushing associated with mouth-rinses comprising chlorhexidine (0.12%) and 0% alcohol.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] children using electric toothbrushes showed after 3 years 27% of healthy-natured dentitions on average (46% of the children had got api-values of up to 30%) and the children who used manual toothbrushes showed 22% of nature-healthy dentitions (52% of the children had got api-values of up to 30%) and in 33% of the control children who received instructions only once a year healthy-natured dentitions were found after 3 years (75% of the children had got api-values of up to 35%).

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] it is concluded that the braun electric toothbrush with three-dimensional brush head action offers advantages over the sonicare electric toothbrush with high-frequency vibrating action in terms of plaque control and potential improvement of gingival health following induction of experimental gingivitis.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] a clinical study was carried out in an attempt to assess the efficacy of a newly designed electric toothbrush compared to a conventional manual toothbrush using the american dental association's protocol for evaluating toothbrushes.

Do electric toothbrushes protect oral health better than manual brushes? [SEP] use of both electric toothbrushes during the treatment phase progressively reduced plaque and gingivitis scores at each successive examination. |||

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (ssris) and dual serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors (snris) are the most commonly prescribed classes of antidepressants, yet it is not known whether one is superior to the other.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] selective serotonin (5-ht) reuptake inhibitors (ssris) are used as a first-line treatment in depression.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (ssris) are widely prescribed and widely regarded as a first-line treatment for depression.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor class of antidepressants (ssris) includes citalopram, escitalopram (active enantiomer of citalopram), fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, and sertraline.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] the most commonly prescribed class of antidepressants, the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (ssris), are thought to act by increasing extracellular serotonin in brain by blocking its uptake via the high-affinity serotonin transporter (sert).

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (ssris) are a first-line treatment for depression.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (ssris) include fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, citalopram, paroxetine and sertraline.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] standard guidelines recommend selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors as first-line antidepressants for adults with major depressive disorder, but success is limited and patients who fail to benefit are often switched to non-selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor agents.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors are the mainstay treatment for major depressive disorder, but whether their therapeutic mechanisms involve the dopaminergic system remains inconclusive.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] the molecules that enhance the level of serotonin either via blocking serotonin reuptake or through inhibition of its metabolism are effective antidepressants.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] citalopram, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine and sertraline are selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (ssris), which are thought to act as antidepressants through their ability to inhibit presynaptic serotonin reuptake in the brain.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (ssris), a group of antidepressants, are generally used for treatment of various mood and anxiety disorders.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] the serotonergic hypothesis of depression has stimulated the development of a range of chemically diverse compounds that have an exclusive effect on this neurotransmitter for potential use as antidepressant drugs.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] the second is that ssris are more effective than psychotherapies for some types of depression than others.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] new promising antidepressants may be the triple monoamine reuptake inhibitors, which not only enhance serotonin and norepinephrine neurotransmission, but also increase brain dopamine levels.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] the first line of antidepressant treatment nowadays are selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] the most widely prescribed antidepressant medications are serotonin (5-ht) selective reuptake inhibitors (ssris).

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] many antidepressants inhibit serotonin or norepinephrine reuptake or both to achieve their clinical effect.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] although each ssri apparently has different pharmacological actions aside from serotonin reuptake inhibition, the relations between antidepressant effects and unique pharmacological properties in respective ssris remain unclear.

Do antidepressants from the group of serotonin reuptake inhibitors help with depression? [SEP] these studies indicate that reboxetine is significantly more effective than placebo and as effective as fluoxetine in reducing depressive symptoms. |||

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] there was no significant non-carcinogenic health risk due to the exposure of these heavy metals through lipstick consumption for the prolonged exposure of 35 years (hq < 1).

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] this study aimed to determine the heavy metals (lead, cadmium, and chromium) concentration in lipsticks of different price categories sold in the malaysian market and evaluate the potential health risks due to daily ingestion of heavy metals in lipsticks.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] the heavy metal content of cosmetics may be a cause for concern in that exposure to these metals is associated with adverse consequences.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] there are trace amounts of heavy metals in cosmetics.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] the data presented in this article are related to the research article entitled "child and adult exposure and health risk evaluation following the use of metal- and metalloid-containing costume cosmetics sold in the united states" [1].

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] recent reports describing the presence of lead (pb) in lipsticks have suggested that, under ordinary use, the potential amount of pb exposure is harmful.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] lead (pb) content in lipstick and other consumer products has become an increasing concern.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] aim: the present study evaluates lead, cadmium, arsenic, and mercury contamination in lipsticks, mascara, eye shadow, and eyebrow pencils, and compares the amounts of these toxic elements in both legal and contraband products.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] to assess the safety of lipstick in adults that chronically apply lipstick as well as instances where children might incidentally ingest lipstick products, the united states environmental protection agency's (us epa) adult lead model and integrated exposure uptake biokinetic model for lead in children were used to determine the blood pb concentrations of adults and children ingesting varying amounts of lipstick of different pb concentrations.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] the presence of certain metals naturally contained inside raw materials (e.g., pigments) used to produce cosmetics for make-up may represent a serious concern for the final quality and safety of the product.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] this article describes the concentration of metals and metalloids contained in various cosmetic products such as body paint, lipstick and eye shadow, the relative percent deviation of two analyses performed on the products and the physico-chemico properties of the metals and metalloids used in the skinperm model presented in the aforementioned article.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] a growing body of evidence suggests that the lip products are polluted by heavy metals, which would inevitably cause safety problems with long-term exposure, but few studies have focused on their deeper health risk assessments.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] background: the presence of heavy metals in cosmetics is of major concern, and requires constant monitoring to ensure the safety of consumers.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] data suggested that the heavy metals present in cosmetics do not appear to pose a serious risk to health.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] cosmetics contaminated with heavy metals can lead them to accumulate in the skin, while the further migration of these toxic elements to blood vessels can cause subsequent difficulties.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] thus, the aim of this study was to assess consequences attributed to exposure to heavy metals in cosmetics as determined by non-cancer, cancer, and sensitization risks methodologies.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] graphical abstract the possible leaching of metals from cosmetics to biological fluids.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] it is extensively well-known that ni and other metals occurring as impurities in cosmetic products might give rise to contact dermatitis in subjects with pre-existing allergy.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] however, for heavy users of lip cosmetics, contamination with some heavy metals, such as pb, mn, and cr needs to be minimized.

Is there a health risk from metal contaminants in lipsticks? [SEP] since lipsticks may contain fats, oils, pigments, dyes, and minerals, several reference materials (rm) were analyzed, including coal, wear metals in oil, organic pb in oil, milk powder, and estuarine sediment. |||

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] preventative therapy with topiramate significantly reduced migraine frequency.

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of topiramate in the preventative treatment of episodic migraine.

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] topiramate may be effective in reducing the frequency of both mild and moderate/severe migraine headaches.

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] topiramate, a broad-spectrum anticonvulsant with multiple mechanisms of action, may be effective in preventing migraine headaches.

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] the 70 episodic migraine patients who were administered topiramate as first-line therapy exhibited a decrease in mean migraine frequency (5.8/28 days to 1.9, p = 0.001), while mean migraine severity decreased from 8.1 to 2.0 (p = 0.003).

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] topiramate has multiple mechanisms of action that could potentially contribute to migraine prophylaxis.

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] topiramate proved to be well tolerated and effective in reverting chronic migraine with medication overuse to episodic migraine.

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] for both patients with transformed migraine (add-on therapy) and patients with episodic migraine (first-line monotherapy), topiramate yielded significant reductions in migraine frequency, migraine severity, number of headache days/month, and use of abortive medications.

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] antiepileptic agents have demonstrated efficacy in migraine prevention, and open-label experience from our clinic has suggested that topiramate might be effective for this use.

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] these results suggest that topiramate is efficacious and safe as an adjunctive treatment in patients with migraine whose prior response to prophylactic management has been less than satisfactory.

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of topiramate in the treatment of migraine aura.

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] twenty-six percent of the patients on topiramate and 9.5% of the patients on placebo achieved a 50% reduction in migraine frequency (p >.05).

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] during the entire double-blind phase, topiramate-treated patients experienced a significantly lower 28-day migraine frequency (3.31 +/- 1.7 versus 3.83 +/- 2.1; p =.002) compared to placebo, irrespective of use of concomitant migraine prevention medications.

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] forty patients (18-71 years old) with migraine were treated with 100 mg of topiramate/day over a period of 3 months.

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] the study sought to evaluate whether topiramate prevents development of chronic daily headache (cdh, ≥15 headache days per month) in adult subjects with high-frequency episodic migraine (hfem, 9-14 migraine headache days/month).

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] data from the prolonged migraine prevention (prompt) with topiramate trial were evaluated post hoc to determine whether topiramate could prevent migraine auras, and whether its efficacy in preventing migraine headaches was similar in patients with (ma; n = 269) and without (moa; n = 542) aura.

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] larger multicenter clinical studies may further delineate the role of topiramate in migraine prevention.

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] the mean 28-day migraine frequency was reduced by 36% in patients receiving topiramate as compared with 14% in patients receiving placebo (p =.004).

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] topiramate seems to be a good therapeutic option for about half of the patients with refractory migraine.

Can topiramate reduce the frequency of migraine attacks? [SEP] to assess the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of topiramate as adjunctive prophylactic therapy for migraine. |||

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] exposure to ambient levels of particulate matter (pm) air pollution increases the risk of a host of cardiovascular diseases and events.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] particulate air pollution is probably causally related to increased risk of cardiovascular disease.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] increased ambient particulate matter (pm) levels are associated with cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, as shown by numerous epidemiology studies.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] any occupational particulate air pollution was associated with an increased risk for ischemic heart disease (rr 1.13, 95% ci 1.07 to 1.19), but there was no increased risk for cerebrovascular disease (rr 0.97, 95% ci 0.88 to 1.07).

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] a growing number of epidemiological studies are showing that ambient exposure to particulate matter air pollution is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease; however, whether occupational exposure increases this risk is not clear.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] studies have shown that long-term exposure to air pollution such as fine particulate matter (≤2.5 μm in aerodynamic diameter [pm2.5]) increases the risk of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] increased risk of ischemic heart disease (ihd) has been associated with particulate matter (pm) from air pollution.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] the aim of the present study was to examine whether occupational exposure to particulate air pollution increases the risk for ischaemic heart disease and cerebrovascular disease.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] we and others have shown that increases in particulate air pollutant (pm) concentrations in the previous hours and days have been associated with increased risks of myocardial infarction, but little is known about the relationships between air pollution and specific subsets of myocardial infarction, such as st-elevation myocardial infarction (stemi) and non st-elevation myocardial infarction (nstemi).

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] high concentrations of particulate matter (pm) air pollution have been associated with death and hospital admissions due to cardiovascular morbidity.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] this large-scale population-based study demonstrated that long-term exposure to air pollution including pm2.5 increases the risk of major cardiovascular disease and mortality.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] aims high concentrations of air pollutants are associated with increased risk for myocardial infarction.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] particulate matter air pollution has been associated with adverse health effects.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] increased attention is now focused on research showing a link between particulate matter air pollution and cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, raising complex questions about the mechanism by which dirty air affects the heart.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] panel and controlled exposure studies show that particulate matter (pm) may influence the parasympathetic regulation of the heart.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] air pollution should be considered an important modifiable environmental cardiovascular risk factor.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] epidemiological studies show that peak exposure to air pollution is associated with increased morbidity and mortality from cardiovascular events.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] other pollutants including pm2.5-10 of co, so2, and no2, but not o3, were significantly associated with increased risk of cardiovascular events.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] although particulate matter (pm) has been linked to cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, and elevated blood pressure (bp), the properties promoting its toxicity remain uncertain.

Does particulate matter pollution increase the risk of heart attack - even if the EU limits are complied with? [SEP] pm2·5 is an important but modifiable environmental risk factor, not only for pulmonary diseases and cancers, but for cardiovascular health. |||

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] in vitro and animal studies have reported endocrine-disrupting activity of chemicals used commonly as additives in cosmetics and skin care products.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] endocrine-disrupting chemicals are a major public health problem throughout the world.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] chemicals such as phthalates, parabens, bisphenol a (bpa) and triclosan (tcs), used in a wide variety of consumer products, are suspected endocrine disrupters although their level of toxicity is thought to be low.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] endocrine disrupting chemicals, a group of exogenous chemicals that can interfere with hormone action in the body, have been implicated in disrupting endocrine function, which negatively affects human health and development.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] endocrine disrupting chemicals are ubiquitously detected in consumer products, foods, beverages, personal care products, and household cleaning products.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] we analytically quantified endocrine disruptors and asthma-related chemicals in a range of cosmetics, personal care products, cleaners, sunscreens, and vinyl products.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] laboratory and human studies raise concerns about endocrine disruption and asthma resulting from exposure to chemicals in consumer products.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] there is growing interest in the possible health threat posed by endocrine-disrupting chemicals (edcs), which are substances in our environment, food, and consumer products that interfere with hormone biosynthesis, metabolism, or action resulting in a deviation from normal homeostatic control or reproduction.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] the endocrine disrupter hypothesis asserts that exogenous substances with estrogenic or other hormonally active properties may adversely affect human health.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] cosmetics is causing alarming adverse events to its users, yet evidence about its magnitude and cosmetic use among female employees in ethiopia is limited.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] the potential health risk of a group of chemicals, popularly known as "endocrine disrupters," has generated considerable scientific debate and media attention.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] endocrine disrupting chemicals (edcs) have been known to adversely affect the endocrine system leading to compromised functions of hormones.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] endocrine disruptors (eds) are compounds used in various industrial products, drugs, and cosmetics.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] recently, considerable attention has been focused on certain environmental contaminants--"endocrine disruptors"--of industrial origin that may mimic the action of sex hormones.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] in this first scientific statement of the endocrine society, we present the evidence that endocrine disruptors have effects on male and female reproduction, breast development and cancer, prostate cancer, neuroendocrinology, thyroid, metabolism and obesity, and cardiovascular endocrinology.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] endocrine-disruptor compounds (edcs) can mimic natural hormones and produce adverse effects in the endocrine functions by interacting with estrogen receptors.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] edcs perturb the endocrine system, and they are also carcinogenic, immunotoxic, and hepatotoxic to human skin.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] a significant proportion of the users suffered from cosmetics related adverse events.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] endocrine disrupting compounds (edcs) alter the function of the endocrine system and consequently cause adverse health effects.

Are endocrine disruptors in cosmetics a health risk? [SEP] often cosmetics are the cause of many side effects, mainly hypersensitivity reactions. |||

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids are increasingly proposed as dietary supplements able to reduce the risk of development or progression of the alzheimer's disease (ad).

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] administration of omega-3 fatty acid in patients with mild to moderate ad did not delay the rate of cognitive decline according to the mmse or the cognitive portion of the alzheimer disease assessment scale.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] demonstrate that souvenaid could improve or maintain cognition and has an effect on neurodegeneration biomarkers.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] previous studies have shown that souvenaid (medical food) can have benefits on memory, cognition, and function in early alzheimer's disease (ad) and mild cognitive impairment (mci).

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] the effects of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation in mild ad corroborate epidemiological observational studies showing that omega-3 fatty acids may be beneficial in disease onset, when there is slight impairment of brain function.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] epidemiologic and animal studies have suggested that dietary fish or fish oil rich in omega-3 fatty acids, for example, docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid, may prevent alzheimer disease (ad).

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] to determine effects of dietary omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on cognitive functions in patients with mild to moderate ad.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] mrs reveals that souvenaid affects brain phospholipid metabolism in mild alzheimer's disease, in line with findings in preclinical studies.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] studies suggest that n-3 fatty acids in the diet and adherence to the meddiet are beneficial in slowing age-related cognitive decline.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] souvenaid may cause improvements in verbal recall in patients at early stages of ad.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] in this study, we explored whether the medical food souvenaid affects brain phospholipid metabolism in patients with alzheimer's disease.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] souvenaid had a significant effect on several cognitive domains, and on scs in patients with mci-hr-ad.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] regular consumption of food enriched in omega3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (ω3 pufas) has been shown to reduce risk of cognitive decline in elderly, and possibly development of alzheimer's disease.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] two hundred four patients with ad (age range [mean +/- sd], 74 +/- 9 years) whose conditions were stable while receiving acetylcholine esterase inhibitor treatment and who had a mini-mental state examination (mmse) score of 15 points or more were randomized to daily intake of 1.7 g of docosahexaenoic acid and 0.6 g of eicosapentaenoic acid (omega-3 fatty acid-treated group) or placebo for 6 months, after which all received omega-3 fatty acid supplementation for 6 months more.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] although some studies have shown changes in scales of cognitive function in more severe cases, they are not enough to support omega-3 fatty acids supplementation in the treatment of ad.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] intake of n-3 fatty acids and adherence to the mediterranean diet (meddiet) have been shown to slow the progression of age-related cognitive decline, but the results are mixed.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] animal studies suggest that high omega (ω)-3 and low ω-6 dietary content reduces cognitive decline by decreasing central nervous system (cns) inflammation and modifying neuroimmune activity.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] we summarized and evaluated the effect of n-3 fatty acids and meddiet on cognitive outcomes in a cognitively healthy aged population.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] nutritional supplementation with long-chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids (lc-n3-fa) may exert beneficial effects on brain structure and function.

Can a dietary supplement containing omega-3 fatty acids, lipids, vitamins, and nutrients ("Souvenaid") noticeably slow or halt the decline of mental performance in Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] the age-related decline in cognitive function has been associated with biochemical changes that can be attenuated following n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid treatment. |||

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] a recent meta-analysis has demonstrated that the regular administration of high-dose vitamin e supplements may be associated with increased mortality.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] meta-analyses studies suggest that high-dose vitamin e may be associated with increased mortality in some populations.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] the safety of large doses of vitamin e went virtually unquestioned until the early 2000s, when several studies were published showing that consumption of vitamin e from dietary supplements increased mortality, as well as the risk of gastrointestinal cancer and heart failure.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] meta-analysis: high-dosage vitamin e supplementation may increase all-cause mortality ann int med.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] the present paper yields contradictory results regarding the association of vitamin e supplementation and mortality.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] the purpose of the present paper is to re-analyse the association of vitamin e supplementation and mortality.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] there is growing concern based on meta-analyses of clinical trials using vitamin e supplements that these supplements increase the risk of all-cause mortality in humans.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] however, several trials of high-dosage vitamin e supplementation showed non-statistically significant increases in total mortality.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] a 27% increase in plasma oxidation activity levels was observed in patients receiving vitamin e. we demonstrate a pro-oxidant effect of high-dose vitamin e supplementation that may explain the increase in mortality observed in intervention studies using this nutrient.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] although results from basic science suggested a protective role of vitamin e treatment in the prevention of cardiovascular disease, recent evidence indicates increased cardiovascular mortality due to vitamin e treatment.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] the causal relationship of vitamin e supplementation and increased mortality is questionable.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] high-dosage (> or =400 iu/d) vitamin e supplements may increase all-cause mortality and should be avoided.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] are antioxidant supplements associated with higher or lower all-cause mortality?

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] a dose-response analysis showed a statistically significant relationship between vitamin e dosage and all-cause mortality, with increased risk of dosages greater than 150 iu/d.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] hierarchical logistic regression analyses confirm the former results showing an increased mortality of patients receiving high dose vitamin e. furthermore a traditional methodological approach of meta-regression was applied to the same data source.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] beta carotene, vitamin e, and higher doses of vitamin a may be associated with higher all-cause mortality.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] 9 of 11 trials testing high-dosage vitamin e (> or =400 iu/d) showed increased risk (risk difference > 0) for all-cause mortality in comparisons of vitamin e versus control.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] within the lflc groups, those that received vitamin e supplements from age 5 wks up to 18 mo had a significantly higher survival rate of 88% (p = 0.04) and lower mortality (12%) compared to mice that did not receive vitamin e supplements (64%).

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] a meta-analysis of 19 trials suggested a small increase in the risk of all-cause mortality with high-dose vitamin e supplementation.

Do vitamin E supplements increase the likelihood of early death? [SEP] a dose relationship between vitamin e and all-cause mortality may exist, beginning at 150 iu per day. |||

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] meditation practice has been shown to significantly reduce stress level, among other beneficial neurophysiological outcomes.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] meditation is a popular form of stress management, argued to mediate stress reactivity.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] increasing data suggest that meditation impacts stress-related physiological processes relevant to health and disease.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] meditation has been found to be an efficient strategy for coping with stress in healthy individuals and in patients with psychosomatic disorders.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] overall, meditation practice leads to decreased physiological markers of stress in a range of populations.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] although meditation has been employed successfully as a treatment for various stress-related disorders, there is still little evidence clarifying just which aspects of meditation training are responsible for these therapeutic effects.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] background: meditation refers to a group of practices commonly proposed to treat stress-related conditions and improve overall wellness.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] meditation is widely used as a therapeutic measure because it can effectively reduce stress, pain, and improve the mental health, but there are many unclear points about the psychological effects of meditation.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] meditation practices may impact physiological pathways that are modulated by stress and relevant to disease.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] many people meditate to reduce psychological stress and stress-related health problems.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] in conclusion, these results suggest that meditation as mind-body training is associated with lower stress, higher positive affect and higher plasma da levels when comparing the meditation group with the control group.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] clinicians should be aware that meditation programs can result in small to moderate reductions of multiple negative dimensions of psychological stress.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] to alleviate stress, one practice that is being commonly and increasingly adapted to is meditation.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] to determine the efficacy of meditation programs in improving stress-related outcomes (anxiety, depression, stress/distress, positive mood, mental health-related quality of life, attention, substance use, eating habits, sleep, pain, and weight) in diverse adult clinical populations.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] these data suggest that engagement in compassion meditation may reduce stress-induced immune and behavioral responses, although future studies are required to determine whether individuals who engage in compassion meditation techniques are more likely to exhibit reduced stress reactivity.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] in addition to providing the first published data regarding stress responsivity as a potential predictor of subsequent ability/willingness to practice meditation, the current study strengthens findings from our initial work by supporting the conclusion that in individuals who actively engage in practicing the technique, compassion meditation may represent a viable strategy for reducing potentially deleterious physiological and behavioral responses to psychosocial stress.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] accordingly, the current study examined the effect of compassion meditation on innate immune, neuroendocrine and behavioral responses to psychosocial stress and evaluated the degree to which engagement in meditation practice influenced stress reactivity.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] the results of our study revealed that meditation mitigated depressive mood, anger, hostility, and fatigue and increased vigor.

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] how might meditation promote wellness and healing from psychiatric illness?

Does meditation help against stress? [SEP] thus, clinicians should be prepared to talk with their patients about the role that a meditation program could have in addressing psychological stress. |||

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] with a better understanding of follicular biology and the signals responsible for hair growth and regression, targeted therapies for hair loss are being investigated.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] herein, we review current methods to hide or reduce the appearance of hair loss and discuss their associated costs, advantages, and disadvantages.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] many patients also seek the advice of their physicians about options to hide or reduce the appearance of hair loss with hair prostheses (wigs, hairpieces, and extensions) or hair camouflaging agents (hair fibers, powder cakes, lotions, sprays, hair crayons, and scalp tattooing).

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] hair loss treatment involves both surgical intervention and nonsurgical therapies such as pharmaceuticals, haircare products, vitamins, and low-level laser therapy (lllt).

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] currently, efficacious treatments for chemotherapy-induced alopecia (hair loss) are lacking, and incidences of permanent hair loss following high-dose chemotherapy are on the increase.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] the prevalence of hair loss, its psychological consequences, and historically subpar treatments present a unique challenge to the physician.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] because hair is nonliving, medical treatments are limited to only inducing change in the follicles within the scalp skin and do not improve the hair loss actually witnessed by the patient.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] this article reviews the current state of the art agents for treatment of two of the most common forms of hair loss encountered in clinical practice, androgenetic alopecia and alopecia areata.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] many of today's treatments associated with 'thinning hair', such as female pattern hair loss and telogen effluvium, are focused on two of the key aspects of the condition.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] in this article, we describe mechanisms by which the pharmacological defense status of the hair follicle might be enhanced, thereby reducing the accumulation of cytotoxic cancer drugs and preventing or reducing hair loss and damage.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] the use of shampoos, conditioners, and hair styling products to camouflage hair loss is discussed.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] although scalp tourniquets and hypothermia are neither universally applicable nor always successful, they represent simple and relatively inexpensive methods for reducing hair loss.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] although cosmetic treatments will not reverse the condition, this new approach may help to mitigate the effects of thinning hair.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] the current food and drug administration-approved treatments for hair loss are plagued by ineffectiveness, noncompliance, and adverse effects.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] consequently, there is demand for finding novel pharmacological treatments and agents ﻿that can safely reduce hair growth.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] this article examines hair care in persons with hair loss.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] hair loss is a common problem for both men and women and may impact negatively on self-esteem.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] therefore, it is highly important to develop new therapies to inhibit balding and increase hair proliferation.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] over-the-counter or prescription medications are often focused on improving scalp hair density while high-quality cosmetic products work to prevent further hair damage and minimize mid-fibre breakage.

Are there methods that effectively help against hormonal hair loss? [SEP] androgenetic alopecia (hereditary thinning) is the most common cause of hair loss in both men and women. |||

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] visual-training methods in management of myopia are suggested as possibly leading to normal vision or an improvement in the refractive state.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] increasing time spent outdoors can help prevent myopia onset, but has a clinically questionable effect on progression of myopia.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] background: with the increasing prevalence of myopia there is growing interest in active myopia control.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] background: with the increasing prevalence of myopia there is growing interest in active myopia control.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] methods of visual training can produce a false image of visual improvement from an enhanced parasympathetic response to a task, but this effect may be a factor that induces progression of myopia.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] in this article, we perform a review of the current literature discussing interventions for preventing pediatric myopic progression.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] this study revealed a distinct need for alignment between optometric training and the public health need for effective myopia control.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] this study revealed a distinct need for alignment between optometric training and the public health need for effective myopia control.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] the use of vision training to stabilize myopia appears to be helpful for many patients, while remaining ineffective for others.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] randomized controlled trials with comparisons of the effectiveness of interventions to decrease myopia progression in myopic children were reviewed.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] methods that have been used by vision practitioners for the control of myopia include visual training, biofeedback training, undercorrection, overcorrection, the use of bifocal lenses, the use of contact lenses, the instillation of atropine, and refractive surgery.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] previous studies have evaluated the efficacy of several interventions to decrease the progression of myopia.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] myopia is a significant public health problem, making it important to determine whether a bifocal spectacle treatment involving near prism slows myopia progression in children.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] it did improve accommodative facility in chinese myopic children, but it is unclear if such an improvement has a role in decreasing myopic progression.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] bifocal spectacles can slow myopia progression in children with an annual progression rate of at least 0.50 d after 3 years.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] the exact mechanism by which orthokeratology lenses reduce myopia progression is unknown, but research shows that the corneal reshaping decreases peripheral hyperopic defocus and therefore increases peripheral myopic defocus to likely reduce stimuli for axial elongation and subsequent development of myopia.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] does partial spectacle correction of infants' refractive errors, which has been shown to have beneficial effects in reducing strabismus and amblyopia, impede emmetropization?

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] ortho-k can have both a corrective and preventive/control effect in childhood myopia.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] contact lenses that reduce peripheral retinal hyperopic defocus represent a new area of research and may hold promise as an effective intervention in myopia control.

Does eye training help prevent myopia? [SEP] this suggests a preventive approach based on deliberately increasing the amount of myopic defocus a child is exposed to may be successful. |||

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] cryolipolysis has shown to significantly reduce localized subcutaneous fat, including submental fat.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] cryolipolysis has been reported to provide non-invasive fat reduction that significantly reduces subcutaneous fat cells with controlled, localized cooling.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] previous clinical studies have investigated cryolipolysis for noninvasive reduction of fat in abdomens, outer thighs, flanks, and backs.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] noninvasive cryolipolysis results in substantial fat reduction within 2 months of treatment without damage to skin.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] previous studies demonstrated the safety and efficacy of cryolipolysis for the reduction of localized subcutaneous fat on abdomen and flanks.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] this study is intended to determine whether a cryolipolysis device can effectively reduce subcutaneous fat without damaging the overlying skin or causing significant side effects and ultimately produce improved cosmetic results.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] cryolipolysis is a safe, well-tolerated, and effective noninvasive fat removal methodology that on average leads to 39.6 cc of fat loss of the treated flank at 2 months after a single treatment cycle.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] cryolipolysis is a promising procedure for nonsurgical fat reduction and body contouring and presents a compelling alternative to liposuction and other, more invasive methods.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] therefore, cryolipolysis is a promising technology that could be an appropriate and safe therapeutic option for subcutaneous fat reduction.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] non-invasive selective cryolipolysis has been reported to be a safe and effective treatment modality for the reduction of excess adipose tissue.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] cryolipolysis, with new and better-fitting applicators, is safe, fast, and effective for the reduction of excessive fat tissue on the abdomen, back, flank, and extremities.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] cryolipolysis provides a method for noninvasive fat reduction that significantly reduces subcutaneous fat in a pig model without apparent damage to skin and surrounding structures.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] cryolipolysis is a non-invasive fat reduction method that is capable of reducing subcutaneous fat significantly without damaging surrounding tissues, by applying cold temperature to induce adipocyte apoptosis.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] cryolipolysis provides a method of non-invasive fat reduction that significantly reduces subcutaneous fat without injury to adjacent tissues.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] this study aimed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of cryolipolysis for the treatment of excessive fat tissue.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] cryolipolysis has previously received fda clearance for fat reduction in the abdomen, flanks, and thighs.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] cryolipolysis with colder temperature and reduced treatment time continues to be effective and is safe for noninvasive reduction of the submental fat.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to evaluate safety and efficacy of cryolipolysis for noninvasive reduction of submental fat using lower temperatures and reduced treatment time.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] cryolipolysis is a noninvasive and well-tolerated treatment for reduction of localized subcutaneous fat.

Does Cryolipolysis cause noticeable body fat reduction? [SEP] cryolipolysis treatment, or cold-induced destruction of adipocytes, provides a noninvasive option for localized subcutaneous fat reduction without damaging the overlying skin or adjacent structures. |||

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] is acupuncture associated with reduced pain outcomes for patients with chronic pain compared with sham-acupuncture (placebo) or no-acupuncture control?

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] in eight of the 16 trials comparing true and sham (placebo) acupuncture in migraine and tension-type headache patients, true acupuncture was reported to be significantly superior; in four trials there was a trend in favor of true acupuncture; and in two trials there was no difference between the two interventions.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] several randomised trials suggest that acupuncture is more effective than no treatment in patients with painful chronic knee osteoarthritis or chronic low back pain.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] there is some evidence for the efficacy of acupuncture in chronic low-back pain (lbp), but it remains unclear whether acupuncture is superior to placebo.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] we hypothesized that classical acupuncture would be more effective than placebo acupuncture.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] yet this is not straightforward: some trials report acupuncture to be superior to sham (placebo) acupuncture while others show evidence that acupuncture is superior to usual care but not sham, and still others conclude that acupuncture is no better than usual care.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] to determine whether acupuncture is: - more effective than no treatment - more effective than 'sham' (placebo) acupuncture - as effective as other interventions used to treat idiopathic (primary) headaches.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] high-quality clinical evidence suggests that although acupuncture appears superior to usual care in the management of chronic low back pain, there is little meaningful difference between true and sham acupuncture.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] traditional and modern acupuncture techniques may result in reported improvement in pain patterns.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] this suggests that the benefits of acupuncture are mediated by the placebo response.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] acupuncture was more effective in improving pain than no acupuncture treatment in patients with chronic low back pain, whereas there were no significant differences between acupuncture and minimal acupuncture.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] acupuncture is associated with improved pain outcomes compared with sham-acupuncture and no-acupuncture control, with response rates of approximately 30% for no acupuncture, 42.5% for sham acupuncture, and 50% for acupuncture.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] there is some evidence that acupuncture for pain and osteoarthritis (oa) of the knee is more than a placebo, and short term clinical benefits have been observed when acupuncture is compared to usual care.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] evidence supports the safety and efficacy of acupuncture compared with no treatment, but it is unclear what role the placebo effect plays in acupuncture's efficacy.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] acupuncture, one of the most popular complementary therapies, is best known for its ability to provide pain relief.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] acupuncture was superior to the control condition (physiotherapy) regarding pain intensity (p=0.000), pain disability (p=0.000), and psychological distress (p=0.020) at the end of treatment.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] placebo acupuncture lead to same early pain relief that did not reach statistic significant and then declined thereafter.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] we found a significant improvement by traditional acupuncture in chronic lbp compared to routine care (physiotherapy) but not compared to sham-acupuncture.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] acupuncture is increasingly used as an alternative to medical therapy for various pain conditions.

Is acupuncture for chronic pain more effective than placebo acupuncture treatment? [SEP] acupuncture is increasingly used as an alternative or complementary therapy for the treatment of pain. |||

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] internet-based cognitive behavioral therapy has the potential to increase access to evidence-based services that manage tinnitus.

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate if cognitive behavior therapy (cbt) provided via the internet results in significant decreases of distress in individuals with tinnitus.

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] to evaluate whether an internet-based cognitive behavioral therapy intervention is at least as effective as established individualized face-to-face clinical care in reducing tinnitus distress and tinnitus-related difficulties.

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] purpose internet-based interventions have the potential to reduce the disparity in access to psychological therapy that people with tinnitus currently experience.

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] internet-based cognitive behavioral therapy (icbt) has proven to be an effective treatment in improving patients' ability to cope with tinnitus.

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] the present study examined acceptance of tinnitus as a potential mediator of treatment changes on global tinnitus severity in internet-delivered acceptance and commitment therapy (iact) and internet-delivered cognitive behavior therapy (icbt).

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] this study analyses internet-based training regarding acceptance and attrition in a trial on minimal-contact interventions for acute tinnitus.

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] participants were randomized to receive either 8 weeks of guided internet-based cognitive behavioral therapy or a mean of 2 to 3 individualized face-to-face appointments in a tinnitus clinic.

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] in common with chronic pain, cognitive-behavioral treatment has been found to alleviate the distress and improve the functioning of tinnitus patients.

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] recent studies on tinnitus have focused on the efficacy of internet-based interventions.

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] cbt via the internet can help individuals decrease annoyance associated with tinnitus.

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] one potential route is providing cognitive behavioural therapy for tinnitus via the internet (icbt).

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] using a randomized controlled trial design, we replicated prior findings regarding positive effects of internet-delivered cbt on tinnitus-related distress and associated symptoms.

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] in conclusion, internet treatment for tinnitus distress merits further investigation, as the outcomes achieved are promising.

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] tinnitus distress can be reduced by means of cognitive-behavior therapy (cbt), and the treatment can be delivered in different ways.

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] to explore the acceptability and influencing factors of an internet-based tinnitus multivariate integrated sound therapy (it-mist).

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] at the post-assessment tinnitus distress was significantly lower in the internet and the group training conditions compared to the control condition.

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] patients with severe tinnitus-related distress were randomly assigned to therapist-guided icbt (n = 62) or to a moderated online discussion forum (n = 62).

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] in this article, we describe the self-help program and apply it to a middle-aged woman with tinnitus.

Can Internet-based self-help training based on cognitive behavioral therapy reduce the burden of tinnitus? [SEP] guided (using audiological support) icbt for tinnitus resulted in statistically significant reductions in tinnitus distress and comorbidities (insomnia, depression, hyperacusis, cognitive failures) and a significant increase in quality of life. |||

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] recent insights into the role of the human microbiota in cognitive and affective functioning have led to the hypothesis that probiotic supplementation may act as an adjuvant strategy to ameliorate or prevent depression.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] these results suggest that probiotic food consumption might have beneficial effects on depression, particularly in men.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] some preclinical and clinical studies have demonstrated the positive impact of probiotic supplementation on depressive symptoms.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] the meta-analysis showed that probiotics significantly decreased the depression scale score (md (depressive disorder) = -0.30, 95% ci (-0.51--0.09), p = 0.005) in the subjects.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] taken together, the results of this review suggest that probiotics may be a potentially beneficial, but insufficiently studied, antidepressant treatment intervention.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] probiotics can benefit the central nervous system via the microbiota-gut-brain axis, which raises the possibility that probiotics are effective in managing depression.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] probiotics had an effect on both the healthy population (md = -0.25, 95% ci (-0.47--0.03), p = 0.03) and patients with major depressive disorder (mdd) (md = -0.73, 95% ci (-1.37--0.09), p = 0.03).

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] interest in the gut-brain axis and emerging evidence that the intestinal microbiota can influence central nervous system function has led to the hypothesis that probiotic supplementation can have a positive effect on mood and psychological symptoms such as depression and anxiety.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] these results provide the first evidence that the intake of probiotics may help reduce negative thoughts associated with sad mood.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] we found that probiotics were associated with a significant reduction in depression, underscoring the need for additional research on this potential preventive strategy for depression.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] six out of 12 studies found probiotics to reduce depression, while two studies found probiotics to reduce anxiety.discussion: translational research in this field is limited and further investigation of the efficacy of psychobiotics in mood disorders is warranted.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] given the explosion of research focused on the microbiota-gut-brain axis, consideration has turned to the potential of certain probiotics to improve patient outcomes for those suffering from mood disorders.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] these results show that probiotic consumption may have a positive effect on psychological symptoms of depression, anxiety, and perceived stress in healthy human volunteers.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] thus, the possible mechanism involved in the antidepressant-like activity of probiotics is correlated with lactobacillus species via the gut microbiota-inflammation-brain axis.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] probiotics have been proposed to ameliorate cognitive impairment and depressive disorder via the gut-brain axis in patients and experimental animal models.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] in animals, probiotics reverse gut microbiome-related alterations in depression-like symptoms, in cognition, and in hormonal stress response.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] emerging evidence indicates that ingestion of specific probiotics, known as "psychobiotics", confer beneficial effects on mental health.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] this study aimed to systematically review the existing evidence on the effect of probiotics-based interventions on depression.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] probiotics supplementation warrants further research as a potential preventive strategy for depression.

Do probiotic foods have an antidepressant effect or a positive effect on the mind? [SEP] probiotic oral intake, via modulation of the microbiota-gut-brain axis, can impact brain activity, mood, and behavior; therefore, it may be beneficial against psychological distress and anxiety disorders. |||

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] radiopharmaceuticals have been used as investigative tools for the detection and treatment of arthritis activity in rheumatoid arthritis (ra) since the 1950s.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] one therapeutic approach to rheumatoid arthritis and other inflammatory arthropathies besides surgical removal of inflamed synovium is radiation synovectomy using beta-emitting radionuclides to destroy the affected synovial tissue.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] in conclusion, in this first study of radiation synovectomy using 188re-tin-colloid for patients with rheumatoid arthritis, the treatment resulted in the improvement of arthritis and was well tolerated.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] synoviorthesis with radioisotopes is indicated when joint inflammation is not totally controlled by drug prescription.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] the pain-relieving effects of low-dose radon therapies on patients suffering from chronic painful inflammatory diseases have been described for centuries.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] results of this prospective study permit to conclude a good efficacy and safety of radiosynoviorthesis using erbium-169 citrate in a series of patients with arthritis of acromioclavicular joint in whom previous line(s) of treatment did not lead to satisfactory pain relief.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] to assess the role of lutetium-177(lu-177) tin colloid for radiosynovectomy and compare it with rhenium-188 (re-188) tin colloid radiosynovectomy for alleviation of pain in patients with chronic inflammatory arthritis of knee.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] radiosynoviorthesis as one therapeutic procedure of rheumatoid arthritis, other inflammatory joint diseases, persistent synovial perfusion, and other joint diseases is widely used in many countries in europe.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] intra-articular injection of 169erbium-citrate (169er-citrate; radiosynoviorthesis or radiosynovectomy) is an effective local treatment of rheumatic joint diseases.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] when synovitis is proved, intra-articularly injected beta emitting radionuclides like yttrium-90 ((90)y) are used to treat the inflamed synovium.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] we have developed a 188re-tin-colloid as a new radiopharmaceutical agent and investigated its efficacy and safety in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] the use of radiopharmaceuticals in the detection of arthritis activity has the advantages of allowing direct imaging of joints by means of whole-body scintigraphy and of joints that are difficult to assess clinically or radiographically.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] beta irradiation may influence the long term maintenance of cartilage tissue or the aetiology of degenerative joint diseases.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] rheumatoid arthritis (ra) is an inflammatory chronic disease characterized by inflammation, pain, swelling and disability and radiosynovectomy is one of the disease treatment lines.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] to evaluate the treatment response of rhenium-188 (¹⁸⁸re) tin colloid radiosynovectomy (¹⁸⁸re-rsv) in patients with inflammatory knee joint conditions refractory to conventional treatment.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] regarding the high retention of these radiopharmaceuticals in joints with no leakage to surrounding organs, 186/188re-chitosan can be applied as new radiosynovectomy drugs for rheumatoid arthritis treatment.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] radionuclide synovectomy is a minimally invasive method of treating persistent joint inflammation.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] radiation synovectomy was performed using 188re-tin-colloid in 22 knees from 21 rheumatoid arthritis patients refractory to intra-articular corticosteroid injection.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] radiosynoviorthesis (rso) with an yttrium-90 colloid offers a local and minimally invasive therapy for treating inflammatory hypertrophy of the synovial membrane of the knee that has arisen from numerous kinds of disorder: these include rheumatoid arthritis (ra), osteoarthritis (oa), spondyloarthropathy, villonodular synovitis and others.

Does treatment with radioactive agents help with pain in chronic inflammatory joint disease? [SEP] there is a clinical need for therapeutic alternative in patients with persisting painful arthritis of ac-joint and failure of previous treatments. |||

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] recently, we found that pregnancy leads to a long-lasting reduction in cerebral gray matter volume.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] striatal volume loss appears to be associated with cognitive and neuropsychiatric changes in nph.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] prenatal alcohol exposure (pae) is associated with reduced overall brain volume.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] previously, volume reductions of subcortical deep grey matter (sdgm) structures have been observed in nph patients.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] cortical gray matter thinning occurs during childhood due to pruning of inefficient synaptic connections and an increase in myelination.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] in agreement with previous studies, the volumes of all brain structures were reduced in pae compared to controls, including gray and white matter of cerebrum and cerebellum, and all deep gray matter including the hippocampus, amygdala, thalamus, caudate, putamen, and pallidum.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] our results suggest that volumetric reductions in widespread white matter regions may play an important role in the pathology of pd.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] these results suggest that disruption of white matter tracts, especially within the pfc, may be a mechanism for age-related changes in memory functioning.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] patients with pd demonstrated significant volumetric reductions in widespread white matter regions including fronto-limbic, thalamo-cortical and cerebellar pathways (p<0.05, fdr corrected).

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] patients' left pcc gray matter volume was quantified with voxel-based morphometry on 3 tesla t1-weighted magnetic resonance imaging data.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] in the nph group, smaller caudate and nacc volumes were associated with poorer performance on neuropsychological tests and increased severity of neuropsychiatric symptoms, while reduced volume of the pallidum was associated with better performance on the mmse and reduced apathy.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] in particular, our results suggest that structural white matter abnormalities in the right ofg may contribute to the social, personal and occupational dysfunction typically experienced by patients with pd.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] in addition, dorsal pfc wmh volume was associated with decreased activity in medial temporal and anterior cingulate regions during episodic retrieval and decreased activity in the posterior parietal and anterior cingulate cortex during working memory performance.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] group differences in sdgm structure volumes were investigated, as well as associations between volumes and cognitive and neuropsychiatric measures in patients.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] although cross-sectional voxel-based morphometry studies found reduced pl grey matter (gm) in bd, none has longitudinally focused on pl anatomy in bd, relating it to patients' functioning.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] a voxel-based morphometry study was conducted to evaluate differences in regional white matter volume between 40 patients with pd and 40 healthy control subjects (hc).

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] furthermore, there was a significant negative relationship between right orbitofrontal gyrus (ofg) white matter volume and the severity of patients' clinical symptoms, as assessed with the pdss.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] here, we tested the hypothesis that white matter degeneration is associated with reduced prefrontal activation.

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] correlation analyses were performed between the regional white matter volumes and patients' scores on the panic disorder severity scale (pdss) and the global assessment of functioning (gaf).

Does frequent porn use reduce gray matter volume in the brain? [SEP] the findings encourage further longitudinal studies on this topic, which can provide insights into the causal relations underlying the pcc volume-behavior correlation. |||

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] acetylsalicylic acid (asa) is known to prevent cancer development, but its mechanism of action remains unclear.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] it is shown that acetylsalicylic acid (asa) might reduce oxidative injury and that it has a place in protection from cancer.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] recent observational studies have shown therapeutic benefits of acetylsalicylic acid (asa) in several types of cancer.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] acetylsalicylic acid (asa), a derivative from the plant hormone salicylic acid (sa), is a commonly used drug that has a dual role in animal organisms as an anti-inflammatory and anticancer agent.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] among different biological effects of acetylsalicylic acid (asa), its anticancer property is controversial.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] acetylsalicylic acid (asa, aspirin), the most common nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (nsaid), has been shown to have a protective effect against the incidence and mortality of colorectal cancer.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] acetyl salicylic acid (asa) is a useful drug for the secondary prevention of cerebro-cardiovascular diseases, but it has adverse effects on the small intestinal mucosa.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-asa) may protect against the development of inflammation-associated colorectal cancer.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] it is known that asa serves as an apoptotic agent on cancer cells through the inhibition of the cox-2 enzyme.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] the aim of the present study was to evaluate the effect of acetylsalicylic acid (asa) in an experimental model of esophageal adenocarcinoma.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to investigate the cellular effects of acetylsalicylic acid (asa), acetaminophen, and a cox-2 inhibitor (ns-398) on the growth of cell lines of human ovarian cancer in vitro.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] many studies have suggested the possible efficiency of asa and other nsaids in preventing cancer.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] in this work, we investigated the in vitro and in vivo efficacy of acetylsalicylic acid (asa) as an antimelanoma agent in b16-f0 cells and skin b16-f0 melanoma tumor mouse model.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] moreover, they suggest that these novel eicosanoids, when generated within the microenvironment of tissues, may contribute to asa's therapeutic role in decreasing the risk of human cancer.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] potential anticancer effects of asa may be mediated by its ability to suppress prostaglandin e2 (pge2) production and activate 5'-adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (ampk).

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] we studied the effect of asa on the survival of a human colon cancer cell line using more sensitive methods than we had applied previously.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] the aim of this study was to determine the effects of acetylsalicylic acid on proliferation, apoptosis, and invasion in human cyclooxygenase-2 (cox-2) negative colorectal cancer cell lines.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] our results also suggest that asa decreases the invasive potential of these colon cancer cells.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] the mechanism by which aspirin (asa) acts to protect against human cancer is not yet known.

Can the active ingredient acetyl salicylic acid (ASA) protect against cancer? [SEP] acetylsalicylic acid (asa) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (nsaid) with many pharmacological properties, such as anti-inflammatory, antipyretic and analgesic. |||

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] tick-borne encephalitis in children appears to be more benign than in adults and shows also a more favourable outcome.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] the course of tick-borne encephalitis (tbe) in children is supposed to be mild though severe neurological sequelae have been reported.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] our study provides further evidence that tick-borne encephalitis in children has a substantial morbidity and in single cases severe long-time neurological sequelae are observed.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] tick-borne encephalitis (tbe) is an emerging infectious disease in large parts of europe and asia.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] tick-borne encephalitis (tbe) is a major cause of meningoencephalitis in children in endemic areas, and long-term residual problems are not uncommon.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] tick borne encephalitis (tbe) is a viral infection in the central nervous system endemic in europe and asia.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] retrospective review of all charts of children with serologically confirmed tick-borne encephalitis hospitalised in styria between 1981 and 2005.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] tick-borne encephalitis virus (tbev) infections may be asymptomatic or cause severe symptoms in the central nervous system.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] tick-borne encephalitis (tbe) and neuroborreliosis (nb) are well-known central nervous system (cns) infections in children.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] the tick-borne encephalitis (tbe) virus gives rise to epidemic encephalitis.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] tick-borne encephalitis virus (tbev) infections can be asymptomatic or cause moderate to severe injuries of the nervous system.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] nearly one fourth of the children with neurologic symptoms were diagnosed with a tick-borne cns infection (tbe, n = 10 [8%] and nb, n = 21 [16.8%]).

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] we describe the first case of tick-borne encephalitis in a 4.5-month-old male infant in germany.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] this study estimates the incidence of symptomatic tick-borne cns infections in children under medical care and describes the spectrum of manifestations.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] the aim was to describe the clinical features of tick-borne encephalitis in children with special attention to sequelae and to review the literature.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] we describe severe tbe in a patient who presented with fever and altered mental status after a tick bite and a specific antibody response to tbe.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] tick-borne encephalitis is caused by the neurotropic, positive-sense rna virus, tick-borne encephalitis virus (tbev).

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] we previously reported that a nonfunctional chemokine receptor 5 (ccr5) and a functional toll-like receptor 3 (tlr3) predispose adults to clinical tick-borne encephalitis (tbe).

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] clinical findings suggest a nonspecific inflammatory disease with restricted encephalitic profile compared with adult tbe.

Is tick-borne tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) much milder in children than in adults? [SEP] neurologic sequelae, including cognitive deficits, after childhood tick-borne encephalitis (tbe) and neuroborreliosis (nb) are not well-characterized. |||

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] various treatment methods are available for the treatment of varicose veins, and there has been a recent surge in the usage of cyanoacrylate glue for treating varicose veins.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] conclusion cyanoacrylate adhesive embolization and sclerotherapy for the treatment of primary varicose veins is efficacious and can be performed as an outpatient procedure, but has a guarded safety profile due to its propensity to cause deep venous occlusion if not handled carefully.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] purpose to investigate the technical possibility, efficiency and safety of cyanoacrylate adhesive embolization and sclerotherapy using commonly available n-butyl cyanoacrylate glue for the treatment of primary varicose veins due to great saphenous vein reflux with or without incompetent perforators.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] n-2-cyanoacrylate (histoacryl) and endoscopic sclerotherapy with polidocanol have both been reported to control variceal bleeding.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] posterior tibial vein extension of cyanoacrylate was seen in three patients (2.6%) without untoward clinical effect.significant improvement was found in venous clinical severity score (vcss) from a baseline mean of 7.98 ± 4.42 to 4.74 ± 3, 1.36 ± 1.65 and 0.79 ± 1.19 at 1, 6 and 12 months' follow-up.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] materials and methods one hundred forty-five limbs of 124 patients with varicose veins due to great saphenous vein reflux were subjected to cyanoacrylate adhesive embolization and sclerotherapy - adhesive embolization of great saphenous vein in the thigh and perforators using cyanoacrylate followed by sclerotherapy of any residual varicose veins in the leg.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] in treating both gastric and esophageal varices, cyanoacrylate produces better results in terms of lower risk of rebleeding when combined with other treatments than when used alone.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] a total of 39 studies were found to report treatment of either gastric or esophageal varices with either cyanoacrylate alone or in combination with other treatments.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] the results of a prospective comparative study of cyanoacrylate glue versus endovenous laser ablation for the management of incompetent great saphenous veins are presented.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] expert commentary: cyanoacrylate adhesive embolization of incompetent truncal veins using the venaseal device is a safe and efficacious innovative technique.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] current guidelines recommend injection of cyanoacrylate as first-line therapy to prevent gastric variceal rebleeding.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] conclusions: management of incompetent great saphenous veins both endovenous cyanoacrylate ablation and laser ablation results in high occlusion rates.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] to report our experience and explain the technique of using n-2-butyl-cyanoacrylate (n2bca) in varicocele treatment.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] n2bca as an embolic agent is a therapeutic alternative for the endovascular treatment of varicocele.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] the venaseal (medtronic, minneapolis, minn) cyanoacrylate closure system is a nonthermal technique for ablating saphenous veins using a proprietary n-butyl cyanoacrylate.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] tissue adhesive agents, such as the cyanoacrylates, have been used as an alternative to conventional sclerotherapy to treat gastric varices, but the long-term efficacy of this approach has not been determined.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] from january 2010 to july 2011, 42 gonadal veins in 41 consecutive patients (age range, 11-41 years; mean, 18 years) with a diagnosis of varicocele were treated with n2bca as an embolic agent.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] when gastric varices are treated with cyanoacrylate alone, the risk of rebleeding during the follow-up period is 0.15(confidence interval: 0.11-0.18).

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] endovenous treatment modalities are used increasingly to treat varicose veins.

Does treatment with cyanoacrylate (for example, Sapheon Venaseal™) help against varicose veins as well or better than other methods? [SEP] we evaluated the efficacy and long-term outcome of injection sclerotherapy with n-butyl-2-cyanoacrylate and ethanolamine oleate in 16 patients with gastric varices. |||

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] the neuraminidase inhibitor oseltamivir has been identified to have significant anti-influenza activity in clinical practice.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] oseltamivir (tamiflu®) is an important pharmaceutical intervention against the influenza virus.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] oseltamivir (tamiflu) is a potent and selective antiviral drug employed to fight the flu virus in infected individuals by inhibiting neuraminidase (na), a flu protein responsible for the release and spread of the progeny virions.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] neuraminidase inhibitors, especially oseltamivir, have been used worldwide for the prophylaxis or treatment of pandemic influenza h1n1 2009 (a(h1n1)pdm09) viruses.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] we assessed the efficacy of treatment with the neuraminidase inhibitor oseltamivir to reduce patient illness and viral shedding in people with influenza, in whom treatment was started within 5 days of symptom onset, in an urban setting in bangladesh.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] in view of the possibility of a human pandemic of avian influenza, a first-line strategy for many countries is stockpiling of antiviral neuraminidase inhibitors (oseltamivir [tamiflu] and zanamivir [relenza]), which can reduce mortality, morbidity and influenza transmission.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] oseltamivir is an inhibitor of influenza virus neuraminidase, which is approved for use for the treatment and prophylaxis of influenza a and b virus infections.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] oseltamivir, a selective neuraminidase enzyme inhibitor, has gained worldwide attention in view of influenza a (h1n1) pandemic.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] oseltamivir is effective in reducing symptom burden in those with influenza a or b infection, and is preventative against developing infection after exposure.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] antiviral compounds (eg, the neuraminidase inhibitor oseltamivir) are invaluable for the treatment of individuals infected with influenza a viruses of the h7n9 subtype (a[h7n9]), which have infected and killed hundreds of persons.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] currently, oseltamivir, a potent and selective inhibitor of neuraminidase of influenza a and b viruses, is the drug of choice for treating patients with influenza virus infection.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] we assessed whether early oseltamivir treatment (≤48 hours from symptom onset) decreases mortality compared to late treatment in a large cohort of critically ill patients with influenza of all types.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] oseltamivir treatment resulted in a modest reduction in the duration of symptoms and virus shedding in people with uncomplicated influenza infections, even when treatment was started 48 h or longer after illness onset.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] clinical practices showed that oseltamivir was effective to treat the 2009-h1n1 influenza but failed to the 2006-h5n1 avian influenza.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] to review the antiviral agents and specifically the neuraminidase inhibitor, oseltamivir, for use in treatment and prophylaxis of influenza infection.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] oseltamivir has been used as a drug of choice for the prophylaxis and treatment of human influenza a(h1n1)pdm09 infection across the world.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] the available evidence on whether neuraminidase inhibitors reduce mortality in patients with influenza is inconclusive and focuses solely on influenza a/h1n1pdm09.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] in vitro, using our influenza pseudotyped particle system, oseltamivir displayed significant inhibitory effects on viral na activity and pp release.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] foremost are the viral neuraminidase inhibitors oseltamivir and zanamivir, which have already been used to treat human influenza a (h1n1 and h3n2) and b virus infections.

Did oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) or other neuraminidase inhibitors help reduce deaths from the H1N1 influenza virus ("swine flu" virus)? [SEP] antiviral neuraminidase inhibitors, such as oseltamivir, zanamivir, and peramivir, are widely used for treatment of influenza virus infection. |||

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] several epidemiological studies suggest the involvement of aluminum (al) in the pathogenesis of alzheimer's disease (ad).

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] aluminum (al) exposure has been reported to be a risk factor for alzheimer's disease (senile dementia of alzheimer type), although the role of al in the etiology of alzheimer's disease remains controversial.

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] the controversial role of aluminum in alzheimer's disease (ad) is reviewed.

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] in this paper, i have summarized the experimental and largely clinical evidence that implicates aluminum as a primary etiological factor in alzheimer's disease.

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] etiological studies suggest that aluminum (al) intake might increase an individual's risk of developing alzheimer's disease (ad).

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] aluminum (al) is considered a potential etiological factor in alzheimer's disease (ad).

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] aluminum, a known neurotoxin, has long been implicated in the pathogenesis of alzheimer's disease.

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] aluminum acts as a catalyst for an earlier onset of alzheimer's disease in individuals with or without concomitant predispositions, genetic or otherwise.

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] aluminum is a known neurotoxin and has been suggested to play a role in the development of senile dementia of the alzheimer's type.

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] aluminum has also been proposed to play a role in the pathogenesis of alzheimer's disease (ad) even though this issue is controversial.

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] aluminum, as a known neurotoxicant, contributes to cognitive dysfunction and may contribute to alzheimer's disease.

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] aluminum intoxication is currently thought to play a major role in the development of alzheimer's disease and in certain pathologic manifestations seen during long-term hemodialysis and aging.

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] aluminum (al), a neurotoxic agent, has been associated with alzheimer's disease (ad), which is characterized by cholinergic dysfunction in the central nervous system.

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] environmental agent aluminum, a well-known neurotoxin, has been proposed to play a role in the development of alzheimer's disease (ad), and produced clinical and pathological features which were strikingly similar to those seen in ad brain, such as neurofibrillary tangles.

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] aluminum is a neurotoxic metal that may be involved in the progression of neurodegenerative diseases, including alzheimer disease and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als).

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] this review encompasses the general toxicology of aluminum with emphasis on the potential mechanisms by which it may accelerate the progression of chronic age-related neurodegenerative disorders.

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] a link between aluminum (al) exposure and age-related neurological disorders has long been proposed.

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] studies have shown that aluminum (al) is the most abundant neurotoxic element on earth, and is implicated in the pathogenesis of alzheimer's disease (ad).

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] the damaging effect of aluminum ions (al3+) on the organism is widely investigated in clinics and experiments that indicate its role as a participant in the synthesis of precursors for amyloid proteins and as a potential agent in the ethiology of alzheimer's disease.

Is aluminum intake responsible for the development of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] patients with probable alzheimer's disease have statistically significant higher serum aluminum levels than patients with other types of senile dementias (alcoholic, vascular, multi-infart) and an age-matched control group. |||

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] several lines of evidence affirm a positive role for exercise in the management of migraine.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] conclusions exercise significantly reduced the burden of migraine and the ability to engage in physical activity because of reduced impact of tension-type headache and neck pain.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] exercise has been frequently discussed as a method of migraine management, but the pathways by which exercise may alter migraines are unclear at present.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] migraine patients who are physically active may find that exercise can provoke a migraine attack or that regular exercise helps reduce the severity of their headaches.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] in conclusion, it seems that although exercise can trigger migraine attacks, regular exercise may have prophylactic effect on migraine frequency.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] the consensus is that exercise can help to reduce the frequency, intensity and/or duration of migraine attacks.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] some migraine patients find that regular exercise helps in reducing the frequency of headache attacks.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] exercise is assumed to have a positive effect on migraine.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] these results emphasize the importance of regular aerobic exercise for reduction of migraine burden.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] this review aims to provide a comprehensive overview of the literature on the use of exercise for migraine treatment with regard to its efficacy, mechanism of action and role in practice.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] however, most of these recommendations refer to some anecdotal reports or observational studies in literature stating that regular exercise can reduce the frequency and severity of migraine.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] exercise is often recommended in migraine treatment, but strenuous physical activity is also reported as a migraine trigger.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] exercise also reduced migraine frequency, pain intensity and duration, although this was not significant compared to controls.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] within the exercise group, significant reduction was found for migraine frequency, pain intensity and duration, neck pain intensity, and burden of migraine; an increase in physical fitness and well-being.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] here, we review the associations between physical exercise and migraine from an epidemiological, therapeutical and pathophysiological perspective.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] specifically, a synthesis of independent lines of recent research would indicate that exercise activates endogenous neurotransmitter signals that could be effective in reducing the intensity of migraine pain, though it may not have a direct effect on its overall frequency or duration.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] therefore this study aimed to evaluate the effects of exercise in migraine prevention.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] primary results are positive effects of exercise on migraine symptoms, tension-type headache among others, and a decrease in the use of headache-related medications.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] aerobic exercise has been shown to decrease migraine burden in these persons.

Can regular exercise prevent or relieve migraine symptoms? [SEP] in experimental studies exercise has been reported as a trigger factor for migraine as well as migraine prophylaxis. |||

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] these findings suggest a 7-8 h sleep duration directly and indirectly reduces chronic disease risk.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] it would appear that relatively short periods of natural and drug induced (brotizolam 0.125 mg) sleep have a beneficial effect on subsequent performance even in the absence of preceding sleep debt.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] beneficial effects of napping or bright light exposure on cognitive performance have been reported in participants exposed to sleep loss.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] these data suggest that increasing sleep duration may not directly improve quality of life, despite evidence that curtailment of nocturnal sleep is associated with fatigue.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] the effect which early evening sleep may have on overnight and subsequent daytime performance, and the effect which morning sleep may have on daytime performance after overnight sleep deprivation has been studied in six healthy male volunteers.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] sleep laboratory studies find that restricted sleep duration leads to worse short-term cognition, especially memory.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] the optimal night's sleep duration seems to be around 7 h, as too little sleep and too much sleep have been found to be associated with a variety of changes in well-being, physical and psychological parameters.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] perceived sleep-related difficulties were significantly more likely among persons reporting <7 hours of sleep than among those reporting 7-9 hours of sleep.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] twenty-eight per cent (28%) of adults sleep at least 1 hour less than they consider optimal, yet the effects of such cumulative mild partial sleep deprivation on cognitive functions are unknown.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] research associates short (and to a lesser extent long) sleep duration with obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease; and although 7-8 h of sleep seems to confer the least health risk, these findings are often based on non-representative data.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] planned naps can improve performance when the habitual or nocturnal sleep schedule is disrupted.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] in conclusion, the present study showed that one night of sleep deprivation (8 hours) resulted in significant hormonal changes on the next afternoon but did not modify tracking and muscular strength performance.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] sleep intervention consisted of total lack of sleep (n = 7) or 8 hours of sleep (control group; n = 7) during the night.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] self-reported sleep showed little association with cognitive function.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] whereas sleep restriction in the laboratory induces sleepiness and mood disturbances, it is not certain whether a short sleep duration impairs the quality of everyday life.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] the national sleep foundation suggests that adults need 7-9 hours of sleep per night; shorter and longer sleep durations have been associated with increased morbidity and mortality.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] in the sleep study of the national social life, health, and aging project (nshap), a nationally representative cohort of older us adults (2010-2015), we examined whether self-reported and actigraph-measured sleep are associated with cross-sectional cognitive function and 5-year cognitive decline.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] using population-based data, we explored whether greater habitual sleep duration is a predictor of better health-related quality of life, measured by the quality of well-being (qwb) scale.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] analysis showed sleepiness and performance after the nap significantly improved compared with the control condition.

Does less than 7h of sleep daily increase mental performance? [SEP] observational studies find associations between self-reported sleep duration or quality and cognitive function. |||

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] olive oil consumption, specifically the extra-virgin variety, is associated with reduced risks of cardiovascular disease and mortality in individuals at high cardiovascular risk.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] our data suggest that olive oil may reduce the risk of coronary disease.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] many mechanistic reasons support that a high consumption of olive oil may provide a protection against myocardial infarction, the hallmark of ischemic heart disease.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] olive oil, being rich in mono-unsaturated fatty acids and anti-inflammatory compounds, may have protective effects against cardiovascular disease (cvd).

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] higher baseline total olive oil consumption was associated with 48% (hr: 0.52; 95% ci: 0.29 to 0.93) reduced risk of cardiovascular mortality.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] higher olive oil intake was associated with lower risk of chd and total cvd in 2 large prospective cohorts of u.s. men and women.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] the polyphenol fraction of extra-virgin olive oil may be partly responsible for its cardioprotective effects.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] a high intake of olive oil has been proposed as an explanation for the low incidence of coronary heart disease in mediterranean countries, but it is unclear whether olive oil offers specific benefits beyond a low content of saturated fat.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] the aim was to assess the association between total olive oil intake, its varieties (extra virgin and common olive oil) and the risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality in a mediterranean population at high cardiovascular risk.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] these findings support exclusive olive oil consumption, a key component of the mediterranean diet, for the primary cvd prevention, in adults without pre-existing disease.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] this study sought to examine whether olive oil intake is associated with total cvd, coronary heart disease (chd), and stroke risk.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] for each 10 g/d increase in extra-virgin olive oil consumption, cardiovascular disease and mortality risk decreased by 10% and 7%, respectively.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] after adjusting for major diet and lifestyle factors, compared with nonconsumers, those with higher olive oil intake (>0.5 tablespoon/day or >7 g/day) had 14% lower risk of cvd (pooled hr: 0.86; 95% ci: 0.79 to 0.94) and 18% lower risk of chd (pooled hr: 0.82; 95% ci: 0.73 to 0.91).

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] olive oil intake has been associated with lower risk of cardiovascular disease (cvd) in mediterranean populations, but little is known about these associations in the u.s population.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] an inverse relation between high consumption of olive oil and low incidence of coronary heart disease among the people living in mediterranean countries has been proposed.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] in conclusion, olive oil consumption was related to a reduced risk of incident chd events.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] besides the classical benefits on the lipid profile provided by olive oil consumption compared with that of saturated fat, a broad spectrum of benefits on cardiovascular risk factors is now emerging associated with olive oil consumption.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] extra virgin olive oil (evoo) intake is associated with reduced cardiovascular risk, and its phenolic compound oleocanthal (oc) has anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory properties.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] olive oil is well known for its cardioprotective properties; however, epidemiological data showing that olive oil consumption reduces incident chd events are still limited.

Does regular intake of extra virgin olive oil protect against coronary heart disease such as heart attack? [SEP] the exposure to the upper quintile of energy-adjusted olive oil (median intake: 54 g/day) was associated with a statistically significant 82% relative reduction in the risk of a first myocardial infarction (or = 0.18; 95% ci : 0.06-0.63) after adjustment for dietary and non-dietary confounders. |||

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] frequent ejaculation seems to be protective from the development of prostate cancer.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] however, high ejaculation frequency was related to decreased risk of total prostate cancer.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] our results suggest that ejaculation frequency is not related to increased risk of prostate cancer.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] we evaluated whether ejaculation frequency throughout adulthood is related to prostate cancer risk in a large us-based study.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] we found that men reporting higher compared to lower ejaculatory frequency in adulthood were less likely to be subsequently diagnosed with prostate cancer.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] evidence suggests that ejaculation frequency may be inversely related to the risk of prostate cancer (pca), a disease for which few modifiable risk factors have been identified.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] ejaculation frequency was not statistically significantly associated with risk of advanced prostate cancer.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] these findings provide additional evidence of a beneficial role of more frequent ejaculation throughout adult life in the etiology of pca, particularly for low-risk disease.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] to examine the association between ejaculation frequency, which includes sexual intercourse, nocturnal emission, and masturbation and risk of prostate cancer.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] a man's risk of prostate cancer has been linked to his prior reproductive history, with low sperm quality, low ejaculation frequency, and a low number of offspring being associated with increased prostate cancer risk.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] epidemiological studies report that regular physical activity can reduce the risk for prostate cancer.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] while some data indicate high bother from erectile dysfunction (ed) following prostate cancer treatments, other results suggest the life-saving nature of the treatment may mitigate ed concern.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] we conclude that enduring male infertility is associated with a reduced prostate cancer risk, thus corroborating the theory that normal testicular function, and hence most probably sufficient steroidogenesis, is an important contributing factor to the later development of this malignancy.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] vasectomy is associated with a statistically significantly increased long-term risk of prostate cancer.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] sexual activity can affect prostate cancer pathogenesis in a variety of ways; including the proposed high androgen status, risk of sexually transmitted infections and the potential effect of retained carcinogens within the prostatic cells.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] however, it remains unclear whether regularly taking aspirin could lower the risk of prostate cancer.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] sexual activity has been hypothesized to play a role in the development of prostate cancer, but epidemiological data are virtually limited to case-control studies, which may be prone to bias because recall among individuals with prostate cancer could be distorted as a consequence of prostate malignancy or ongoing therapy.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] multiple sexual partners may be protective from prostate cancer, excluding the risk of sexually transmitted infections.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] regular aspirin use was significantly associated with a lower self-reported prevalence of prostate cancer after adjusting for predisposing, enabling, and need factors (odds ratio 0.60, 95% confidence interval 0.38-0.94).regular aspirin use was found to be significantly associated with a lower self-reported prevalence of prostate cancer in the united states in 2010.

Do frequent ejaculations have a protective effect against prostate cancer? [SEP] prostate cancer (pca) is the leading cause of cancer mortality among older men in western countries. |||

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] not only were females who were having sex without condoms less depressed, but depressive symptoms and suicide attempts among females who used condoms were proportional to the consistency of condom use.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] depressed young women are at particularly high risk of sexually transmitted infections (stis), yet little is known about their condom use practices.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] in a sample of sexually active college females, condom use, as an indirect measure of the presence of semen in the reproductive tract, was related to scores on the beck depression inventory.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] psychological factors may help identify depressed young women who are at particularly high risk of incorrect condom use.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] even if they use condoms, depressed adolescent and young adult women are at increased risk of stis because they frequently use condoms incorrectly.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] this study sought (1) to describe condom use errors among depressed adolescent and young adult women and (2) to identify event- and individual-level correlates of incorrect use.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] having sex to change mood, to relax, or for physical pleasure increased the odds of incorrect condom use, but was no longer significant when individual-level variables were included in the model.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] for females who did not use condoms, depression scores went up as the amount of time since their last sexual encounter increased.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] the current study analyzed the links between depression and recent condomless anal sex (cas) with casual partners among 1033 hiv-negative, non-prep-using, gay and bisexual men.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] in the multiple logistic regression model, impulsiveness increased and stronger belief that mood affects sexual behaviors decreased the odds of incorrect condom use (adjusted or 1.3 and 0.81, respectively).

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] this study explored whether dissociation during sex was negatively associated with condom use self-efficacy.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] there was a negative correlation between dissociative experiences during sex and condom use self-efficacy, r = -.62, n=35, p< .01.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] these findings demonstrate how hormonal contraceptive use may influence behavior that directly affects the quality of romantic relationships as perceived by both female and male partners.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] understanding factors related to condom use is critical in reducing the spread of sexually transmitted infections (stis), especially for women, who are disproportionately affected by many stis.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] the present study aimed to compare the depression between contraceptive methods including low-dose estrogen (ld) combined pills, condom and intrauterine devices (iud).

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] findings suggest that dissociation during sex interferes with abused women's condom use self-efficacy.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] this study is an exploration of the relationship between the use of oral contraceptive or intrauterine device and condom use.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] the link between depression and sexual risk-taking has received mixed findings in the literature.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] present day meanings associated with condom use among drug-using women and their long term sexual partners include: loss of male protection; violations of constructions of intimacy, fidelity, conjugal bonding, and female identity; illness; and death.

Does condom use cause depression in women? [SEP] a more frequent use of condoms tended to be associated with the absence of contraception in relationships of less than three months' duration (adjusted or: 4.5; 95% ci: 0.7-33.3) and for women of 25 to 34 years of age (adjusted or: 2.4; 95% ci: 0.8-7.1). |||

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] the life spans of parents and children appear only weakly related, even though parents affect their children's longevity through both genetic and environmental influences.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] it is shown that even if children perfectly inherit their frailty from their parents, parents' life spans explain little of the variance in children's life spans, because the variance in life expectancies among people with different frailties is small compared with the variance in life spans among people at the same level of frailty.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] lower educated individuals not only have shorter life expectancies, but also face greater uncertainty about the age at which they will die.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] offspring quality decreases with parental age in many taxa, with offspring of older parents exhibiting reduced life span, reproductive capacity, and fitness, compared to offspring of younger parents.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] we set out to examine whether lower educated groups face greater variation in lifespans in addition to having a shorter life expectancy, in order to identify entry points for policies to reduce the impact of socio-economic position on mortality.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] we explored demographic, health behaviour, health and socioeconomic correlates of subjectively estimated lifespan ('anticipated survival'); the ability of anticipated survival to predict actual survival; and whether the predictive ability of anticipated survival differed by other variables, particularly socioeconomic position.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] there is much evidence that the children born in the last decade of the 20th century are healthier and living longer than children born earlier this century, and that children born too small or too soon are now more likely to reach adulthood than similar children born 10 or 20 years ago.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] given the emerging global childhood obesity epidemic and the specter of a generation of children who will have a shorter life expectancy than that of their parents, recent research has focused on factors that influence children's weight status and obesogenic behaviors (i.e., eating, physical activity, and screen media use).

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] greater lifespan variation in lower educated groups was largely driven by conditions causing death at younger ages, such as injuries and neoplasms.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] in addition to altering the timing of offspring life-history milestones, parental age effects can also have a negative impact on offspring size, with offspring of older parents being smaller than offspring of younger parents.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] parental age effects are important because they may have feedback effects on the evolution of demographic trajectories and longevity.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] according to life course theories, the impact of socio-economic disadvantage can accumulate across the life span, leading to worse health in later life.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] whereas it is well established that people with a lower socio-economic position have a shorter average lifespan, it is less clear what the variability surrounding these averages is.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] yet measures of social disadvantage (poverty, underachievement in education, lone parenthood) are increasing, putting this generation of children at higher risk of morbidity later in life.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] these "parental age effects," whose consequences arise in the next generation, can be considered as manifestations of parental senescence, in addition to the more familiar age-related declines in parent-generation survival and reproduction.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] socioeconomic disadvantage may cause individuals to have lower expectations of longevity and not engage in healthy behaviours because they judge the long-term health benefits of these to be minimal.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] these influences can be summarized as a correlation between parents' and children's frailty.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] the results suggest that hiv-related parental death may contribute to accelerated telomere shortening and highlight that telomere length may be a novel and useful biomarker for health needs assessment in pediatric aids care.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] results showed that aids orphans had a shorter telomere length than children living with hiv-positive parents and that such differences in telomere length were more evident than were differences in depressive symptoms.

Do today's children have a shorter life expectancy than their parents? [SEP] this study, therefore, examined the effects of hiv-related parental death on telomere length, a biomarker of cellular aging. |||

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] the fertilizing effects of carbon dioxide, as well as increased temperatures from climate change, increase pollen production and the allergen content of pollen grains.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] among these, the role of rising carbon dioxide (co₂) and temperature in aeroallergen exposure and associated changes in the start, duration and intensity of the pollen season, and associated consequences in aeroallergens and allergic disease are a primary concern.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] increases in temperature and air pollution influence pollen allergenicity, which is responsible for the dramatic raise in respiratory allergies.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] climate factors increase production of pollen, which also exhibits increased allergenicity.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] climate changes in contact to pollens may affect both allergic sensitization and symptom prevalence with severity.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] epidemiological studies have demonstrated that global warming is correlated with the frequency of pollen-induced respiratory allergy and allergic diseases.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] in the context of global climate change, a number of future climate and air pollution scenarios predict increases in concentrations of pollen, an extension of the pollen season, and an increase in the allergenicity of pollen.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] the changing global climate and increased pollution contribute to enhance the release of pollen, thereby increasing the number of people suffering from allergies.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] thus, with increasing temperatures and increasing ozone levels, also symptoms of pollen allergic patients may increase further.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] in particular, climate change is expected to alter the spatiotemporal dynamics of allergenic airborne pollen and potentially increase occurrence of allergic airway disease.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] warmer temperature can alter seasonality of pollen as well as pollen concentration, and may impact allergic diseases such as hay fever.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] environmental variation, such as an increase of mean temperature due to the greenhouse effect, as well as the genetic factors may affect the allergenicity of pollen and thus, the prevalence of allergies.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] aeroallergen burdens and asthma prevalence are increasing worldwide and are projected to increase further with climate change, highlighting the importance of understanding population-level relationships between ambient pollen concentrations and asthma.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] we propose that externalised pollen tgase could be one of the mediators of pollen allergenicity, especially under environmental stress induced by climate changes.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] the impact of pollen allergies is on the rise due to increased pollen levels caused by global warming and the spread of highly invasive weeds.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] longer pollen seasons increase duration of exposure, resulting in more sensitization, and higher pollen concentrations may lead to more severe symptoms.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] this article emphasizes the importance of global climate change and anticipated increases in the prevalence and severity of allergic disease in asia minor, mediated through worsening air pollution and altered local and regional pollen production, from an otolaryngologic perspective.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] in addition, higher temperatures are changing the timing and duration of the pollen season.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] to evaluate the impact of urbanisation and climate change on pollen allergenicity.

Do rising temperatures and CO2 levels increase the risk of pollen allergy? [SEP] there are increasing number of studies suggesting a possible association between allergenic pollen and exacerbations of asthma. |||

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] whole-body vibration (wbv) training uses a vertically oscillating platform and reports suggest that this perturbation elicits reflexive muscle contractions that augment muscle activity and contribute to increased strength.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] increased loading should aid muscle hypertrophy, and some authors have suggested that vibration may enhance neuromuscular potentiation.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] vibration causes an increase in the g-forces acting on the muscles, increasing the loading parameters of any exercise.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] the employment of a greater exercise intensity and volume within a vibration training programme may facilitate a larger enhancement in strength and power.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] the vibration elicits involuntary muscle stretch reflex contractions leading to increased motor unit recruitment and synchronization of synergist muscles, which may lead to greater training adaptations over time.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] current evidence suggests that vibration is effective in enhancing strength and the power capacity of humans, although the mechanisms mediating this effect are unknown.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] although there is a lack of strictly controlled studies on the vibration training effect, current findings in this area suggest that vibration may have a beneficiary acute and/or chronic training effect on strength and power enhancement.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] the aim of this literature review was to determine whether vibration training could produce chronic improvements in the physical performance of trained athletes.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] considering the 6 studies on trained athletes, there does seem to be some evidence to suggest that vibration may provide a small benefit to maximal strength (1-repetition maximum) and power (countermovement jumps) of trained athletes.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] several studies link the effects of vibration training to enhanced neuromuscular demand, typically ascribed to involuntary reflex mechanisms.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] previous studies have suggested that short-term whole-body vibration (wbv) training produces neuromuscular improvement similar to that of power and strength training.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] the use of vibration as a means for enhancing athletic performance is a recent issue in exercise physiology.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] however, the effect of vibration on strength and power development appears dependent upon the vibration characteristics (method of application, amplitude and frequency) and exercise protocols (training type, intensity and volume) employed.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] vibration has been combined with conventional resistance training in an attempt to attain greater gains in neuromuscular performance than from conventional resistance training alone.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] vibration exercise (ve) has been suggested as an effective methodology to improve muscle strength and power performance.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] because whole-body vibration does not seem to be detrimental to performance when used in a controlled manner, it could provide an additional training stimulus for athletes.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] vibration exercise (ve) has been suggested as an effective option to improve muscle strength and power performance.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] vibration applied directly or indirectly to a targeted muscle) may have an influence on the magnitude of amplitude and frequency that are delivered to the muscle and, therefore, may have an influence on vibration training effect.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] vibration training has been suggested as an alternative option for muscle conditioning, aiming especially at improving muscle strength and power.

Does training on vibration platforms cause a noticeable buildup of muscle strength? [SEP] this paper proposes additional methods to analyze the mechanisms involved in vibration training. |||

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] glucosamine, a naturally occurring amino monosaccharide, has been reported to play a role in the regulation of apoptosis more than half century.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] scientific studies have supported that glucosamine has the beneficial pharmacological effects to relieve osteoarthritis symptoms.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] glucosamine is now widely used in the hope that it will relieve symptoms of osteoarthritis and stop its progression, yet studies have so far failed to prove convincingly that it works, how it might work, or whether it is safe to take long-term.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] glucosamine is used for alleviating pain in osteoarthritis.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] recent studies have shown that glucosamine also possesses immunosuppressive properties and is effective in prolonging graft survival in mice.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] glucosamine administration significantly increased the survival rate in comparison with mannitol administration (percentage of survival after 2 h, 47% vs. 20%; p < 0.05).

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] glucosamine, a natural glucose derivative and an essential component of glycoproteins and proteoglycans, has been safely used to relieve osteoarthritis in humans.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] glucosamine can also be as a promising candidate for the prevention and/or treatment of some other diseases due to its anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory activities.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] the purpose of the study was to evaluate the effect of glucosamine on the survival, without resuscitation, in rats.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] glucosamine (glcn) is a common drug used to treat osteoarthritis (oa).

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] in this review, we present a concise update on additional new therapeutic applications of glucosamine including treatment of cardiovascular disease, neurological deficits, skin disorders, cancer and the molecular mechanistic rationale for these uses.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] glucosamine administration improves the survival rate after trauma-hemorrhage without resuscitation; this effect may be related to the glucosamine-induced increase in protein o-glycosylation.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] we have previously shown that glucosamine administration resulted in higher cardiac output and improved tissue perfusion after trauma-hemorrhage with resuscitation in rats, which was associated with the increased levels of protein o-linked-n-acetylglucosamine (o-glcnac).

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] in the present study, we found glucosamine inhibited proteasomal activity and the proliferation of alva41 prostate cancer cells.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] study demonstrates that oral glucosamine doses that produce clinically relevant serum glucosamine concentrations can induce tissue tgfβ1 and ctgf expression in vivo and provides a mechanistic rationale for reported beneficial effects of glucosamine therapy.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] the protein o-glcnac levels, assessed 30 min after glucosamine treatment, were significantly increased in the heart, brain, and liver.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] considering that o-glcnac modification of proteasome subunits inhibits its activity, we examined whether glucosamine induces growth inhibition via affecting proteasomal activity.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] glucosamine treatment increased flux through the hexosamine biosynthesis pathway and increased o-glcnac levels but had no effect on atp levels.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] induction of renal tgfβ1 and ctgf mrna suggests that potential sclerotic side-effects may occur following consumption of potent glucosamine preparations.

Does glucosamine prolong life? [SEP] many studies have reported the effectiveness of oral doses of glucosamine alone or in combination with the galactosamine containing chondroitin in treating osteoarthritis. |||

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] in recent years, kinesio tape has been used to support injured muscle and joints, and relieve pain.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] kinesiology tape has gained significant popularity in recent years and is widely used as an adjunct for treatment and prevention of musculoskeletal injuries.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] kinesio tex tape (kt) is used to prevent and treat sports-related injuries and to enhance muscle performance.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] kinesio tape (kt) is an elastic therapeutic tape used for treating sports-related injuries and a number of other disorders.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] kinesiology tape has been advocated as a means of improving muscle flexibility, a potential modifiable risk factor for injury, over time.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] this result may contribute to the investigation of the late effects of the kinesio taping® elastic tape on the physical rehabilitation.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] kinesio tape (kt) is an elastic therapeutic tape used for treating sports injuries and a variety of other disorders.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] in recent years, the use of kinesio tape has become increasingly popular; it can be applied to virtually any muscle or joint in the body.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] kinesio tape® (kt) is an elastic therapeutic tape that is applied to the skin for treatment of sport-related injuries.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] kinesio tex tape is a therapeutic tape that is applied with the kinesio-taping (kt) method and is theorized to increase circulation and subsequently improve muscle function.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] recently kinesio tape has been utilized to improve balance, proprioception, and posture.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] kinesio taping® elastic tape is increasingly used in physiotherapy treatment.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] kinesiology tape (kt) has been widely used in the areas of sports and rehabilitation.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] kinesio tape (kt) is a widely used intervention in the fields of sports and rehabilitation.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] kinesio tape (kt) is a commonly used intervention in sports.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] kinesiology tape can improve athletic performance; however, due to cutaneous stimulation its application can have an influence on proprioception.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] to investigate the effect of kinesio tape on the quadriceps femoris on muscle pain, flexibility, and sprint performance after squat exercise.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] the kinesio taping® elastic tape was applied on the dominant and non-dominant limbs of 36 volunteers randomly assigned to three groups: muscle facilitation, muscle inhibition and control group.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] this study quantified the late effects of applying the kinesio taping® elastic tape by measuring changes in handgrip muscle strength after 24, 48 and 72 h of application.

Does Kinesio tape help in the treatment of joint and muscle injuries? [SEP] kinesio taping (kt) is a taping technique extensively used in rehabilitation of sports injuries; however, the effect of kt on delayed-onset muscle soreness is not entirely clear. |||

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] botulinum toxin injection has been widely accepted by the urology and urogynecology medical communities as a safe and effective treatment for refractory urinary incontinence.

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] in addition, it might be expected that urethral botulinum toxin injections improve bladder emptying in patients with dysfunctional voiding problems besides detrusor external sphincter dyssynergia.

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] application of botulinum toxin in the lower urinary tract has produced promising results in treating lower urinary tract dysfunction, which needs further evaluation with randomised, placebo-controlled trials.

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] intradetrusal injections of botulinum toxin into patients with detrusor overactivity and symptoms of the overactive bladder have resulted in significant increases in mean maximum cystometric capacity and detrusor compliance with a reduction in mean maximum detrusor pressures.

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] botox) provides effective treatment for overactive bladder.

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] in recent years, botulinum-a neurotoxin has increasingly been used to manage lower urinary tract symptoms, including overactive bladder and detrusor overactivity (do), either due to neurogenic or idiopathic etiology.

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] botulinum toxin injections into the external urethral sphincter to treat detrusor sphincter dyssynergia has been successfully used for some years but recently its use has expanded to include voiding dysfunction.

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] intravesical onabotulinumtoxina (botox) injections are effective for the treatment of idiopathic overactive bladder (oab) symptoms.

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] onabotulinum toxin a (botox®) administered intravescially is an effective treatment for idiopathic detrusor overactivity, of which urinary tract infections (utis) are a common complication.

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] with the present review we aimed at assessing the state of the art on the mechanisms of function of botulinum toxins in the management of urological dysfunctions.

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] intradetrusor injection of botulinum toxin a (btx-a) might serve as a minimally invasive substitute in patients with refractory idiopathic overactive bladder (rioab).

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] botulinum toxin type a (btx-a) has been successfully used in the treatment of patients with overactive bladder (oab) symptoms refractory to anticholinergic therapy, with most studies performing trigone-sparing detrusor injections.

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] to review the available literature on the application of botulinum toxin in the urinary tract, with particular reference to its use in treating detrusor overactivity (do).

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] botulinum toxin a (btx-a) injection into the detrusor muscle has changed therapy options for patients with overactive bladder (oab).

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] although botulinum toxin (bont/a) injected into the detrusor muscle improves overactive bladder symptoms in patients with neurogenic detrusor overactivity, how it does so remains unclear.

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] limited studies to date have reported on the onset of effect of intradetrusor botulinum neurotoxin type a (bonta) injections when used to treat the symptoms of the overactive bladder (oab).

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] we performed a critical review of published studies evaluating botulinum treatment for overactive bladder and its reported effects on voiding function.

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] botulinum toxin type a (bont/a) proved very effective in therapy for hyperactive detrusor or sphincter dysfunction of neurogenic and non-neurogenic origin.

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] in addition, the application of botulinum toxin was extended to the treatment of other urological disorders including non-neurogenic detrusor overactivity, non-relaxing urethral sphincter and detrusor underactivity.

Do injections with Botulinum Toxin A (Botox®) help with urinary incontinence? [SEP] botulinum toxin a (bont-a) is a new treatment modality in various causes of bladder dysfunction; like neurogenic detrusor overactivity and overactive bladder. |||

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] these results suggest that dietary apigenin showed promise in cancer prevention by reducing the odc activity and acf formation, however, clear evidence of cancer prevention was not obtained in mouse tumor studies.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] a promising nutraceutical, apigenin, was recently revealed to exhibit biological activity in inhibiting several types of cancer.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] apigenin is a plant flavonoid that is thought to play a role in the prevention of carcinogenesis.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] further investigation of the potential chemopreventive effect of apigenin in carcinogenesis is warranted.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] when testing the effect of apigenin in vivo, we found that apigenin significantly inhibited tumor growth in nude mice.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] apigenin reduced the proliferation of colon cancer cell lines, stimulated the cleavage of parp and induced apoptosis in a dose-dependent manner.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] apigenin is a natural flavonoid that exhibits anti-proliferative activity and induces apoptosis in various types of cancer, including colon cancer.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] thus, this study shows that although apigenin is a potential chemopreventive agent due to the induction of leukemia cell-cycle arrest, caution in dietary intake of apigenin should be taken during disease as it potentially interferes with cancer treatment.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] epidemiological and experimental evidence suggests that dietary flavonoids, including apigenin, have anticancer roles.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] apigenin, a dietary plant derived flavone subclass of flavonoid is expected to play a role in cancer chemoprevention and cancer chemotherapy.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] our data suggested that apigenin may inhibit human lung cancer angiogenesis by inhibiting hif-1alpha and vegf expression, thus providing a novel explanation for the anticancer action of apigenin.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] in this study, we found that apigenin inhibited a549 lung cancer cell proliferation and vascular endothelial growth factor (vegf) transcriptional activation in a dose-dependent manner.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] apigenin, a dietary plant-flavonoid has shown anti-proliferative and anticancer properties, however the molecular basis of this effect remains to be elucidated.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] our results provide a new insight into the mechanisms that apigenin inhibits ovarian cancers.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] apigenin has been reported to elevate p53, a critical molecule in the induction of apoptosis.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] apigenin is a nontoxic dietary flavonoid that has been shown to possess anti-tumor properties and therefore poses special interest for the development of a novel chemopreventive and/or chemotherapeutic agent for cancer.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] in two aom-treated mouse colon tumor studies 0.025% and 0.1% dietary apigenin modestly reduced tumors in the group fed 0.025% apigenin (25% incidence in comparison with 65% in the controls) in a non-dose response manner.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] apigenin intake by these mice also resulted in induction of apoptosis, which positively correlated with serum and tumor apigenin levels.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] herein we show that the common dietary flavonoid apigenin has anticancer activity, but also may decrease chemotherapy sensitivity, depending on the cell type.

Can apigenin reduce cancer risk or prevent cancer progression? [SEP] here we demonstrate that apigenin inhibits expression of vascular endothelial growth factor (vegf) in human ovarian cancer cells. |||

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] generic medicines are clinically interchangeable with original brand medicines and have the same quality, efficacy and safety profiles.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] as more and more generic drug products become available in the marketplace, it is a concern whether these generic drug products can be used interchangeably in terms of their quality, safety, and efficacy.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] generic drugs are interchangeable with original proprietary drugs, as they have the same active pharmaceutical ingredients, dosage forms, strength, quality, indications, effects, directions, and dosage.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] generic medications offer substantial potential cost savings to health systems compared to their branded counterparts.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] generic drugs are considered therapeutically equivalent to their original counterparts and lower in acquisition costs.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] however, there is concern among patients and physicians that brand-name drugs may be clinically superior to generic drugs.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] in general, a generic drug is considered interchangeable with the original formulated drug.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] generic drugs are widely prescribed by physicians, although there is disagreement over the clinical comparability of generic drugs to brand-name drugs within the physician community.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] to test whether (1) generics and original products yield the same health outcomes, and (2) generic therapies save economic resources versus original therapies.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] case studies are discussed to demonstrate that generic pharmaceuticals are therapeutically equivalent to the branded product, even though the color, size, shape, and excipients utilized may not be identical.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] in conclusion, generic medications were at least similar, and in some cases superior, to their branded counterparts regarding mortality and major cardiovascular events.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] generic drugs are considered the best alternative for the originator brand drugs because they have the same quality, safety, and efficacy yet offered at considerbaly lower cost.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] the availability of generic products of antiepileptic drugs (aeds) has raised the following concerns: (1) do generic aeds work as well as brand aeds in terms of their efficacy, safety and quality?

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] generic drugs are equivalent to the brand formulation if they have the same active substance, the same pharmaceutical form and the same therapeutic indications and a similar bioequivalence respect to the reference medicinal product.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] generic drugs are cost-effective versions of brand-name drugs approved by the food and drug administration (fda) following proof of pharmaceutical equivalence and bioequivalence.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] thus, while providing the same therapeutic outcomes, generic medicines lead to substantial savings for healthcare systems.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] the united states food and drug administration (fda) indicates that an approved generic drug product can serve as a substitute for the innovative drug product.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] the global pharmaceutical industry consists of innovators and generics.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] studies compared generic and brand-name cardiovascular drugs using clinical efficacy and safety end points.

Do generic drugs work as well as original drugs? [SEP] use of generic drugs, which are bioequivalent to brand-name drugs, can help contain prescription drug spending. |||

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] this study examined whether a session of animal-assisted therapy reduced the anxiety levels of hospitalized psychiatric patients and whether any differences in reductions in anxiety were associated with patients' diagnoses.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] statistically significant reductions in anxiety scores were found after the animal-assisted therapy session for patients with psychotic disorders, mood disorders, and other disorders, and after the therapeutic recreation session for patients with mood disorders.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] a growing body of evidence suggests that animal-assisted therapies and activities involving all kinds of real and even robotic animals can have beneficial eff ects in people with neurological disease or mental illness.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] animal-assisted therapy was associated with reduced state anxiety levels for hospitalized patients with a variety of psychiatric diagnoses, while a routine therapeutic recreation session was associated with reduced levels only for patients with mood disorders.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] animal-assisted therapy (aat) has been shown to be effective in the treatment of many psychological disorders, including autism spectrum disorders, depression, anxiety, and posttraumatic stress disorder (ptsd).

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] the results of animal assisted therapy in the treatment of ptsd patients have seen significant results.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] we tested the hypothesis that animal-assisted therapy (aat) may improve anhedonia.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] the aim of this systematic review is to establish the efficacy of animal assisted therapies in the management of dementia, depression and other conditions in adult population.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] animal-assisted therapy (aat), most frequently used with dogs, is being used increasingly as an adjunctive alternative treatment for psychiatric patients.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] for years, animals have been used with great benefit in the treatment of the aged and the terminally ill. now animal assisted therapy is benefitting sufferers of ptsd.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] to investigate the efficacy of animal-assisted therapy (aat) on symptoms of agitation/aggression and depression in nursing home residents with dementia in a randomized controlled trial.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] the use of animal-assisted interventions in therapeutic programs is a growing phenomenon.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] background: animal-assisted interventions are classified as 'any therapeutic process that intentionally includes or involves animals as part of the process'.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] animal-assisted therapy is a familiar method of treatment in the rehabilitation of many illnesses and conditions, but is still not applied sufficiently in our milieu.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] animal therapy is making strides in the treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder (ptsd).

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] this paper gives an overview of the available literature and some of the research which demonstrates that the interaction between the patient, animal and therapist provides a context which improves communication, elevates self-confidence, reduces the symptoms of diseases, and improves the quality of life.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate if the inclusion of an animal adds value to psychosocial interventions for people with dementia.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] the positive effects of animal-assisted interventions (aais) in people with dementia have been frequently reported in the literature.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] animal-assisted therapy involves interaction between patients and a trained animal, along with its human owner or handler, with the aim of facilitating patients' progress toward therapeutic goals.

Are animal-assisted therapies effective for mental illness? [SEP] research shows a more rapid reduction of symptoms of many diseases when animals are included in the therapeutic process. |||

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] inadequate sleep has negative metabolic consequences that may contribute to obesity.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] the link between habitual short sleep and obesity is critically examined from a sleep perspective.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] sleep deprivation has been hypothesized to contribute toward obesity by decreasing leptin, increasing ghrelin, and compromising insulin sensitivity.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] insufficient sleep, which has become endemic in recent years, has been variably associated with increased risk of obesity, disorders of glucose and insulin homeostasis, and the metabolic syndrome; to a lesser degree, so has excessive sleep.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] poor sleep has increasingly gained attention as a potential contributor to the recent obesity epidemic.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] this work reviews the literature regarding short sleep duration as an independent risk factor for obesity and weight gain.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] obesity, excessive daytime sleepiness (eds), and self-reported short sleep duration appear to be on the rise, while there is evidence that obesity and these sleep disorders are strongly connected.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] prospective studies suggest reduced habitual sleep duration as assessed by self-report is an independent risk factor for an increased rate of weight gain and incident obesity.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] this article reviews the epidemiological, biological, and behavioral evidence linking sleep debt and obesity.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] this review summarizes recent epidemiological and pathophysiological evidence linking sleep disturbances (primarily abnormalities of sleep duration) with obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and the metabolic syndrome in children and adults.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] this study examines cross-sectional and longitudinal data from a large united states sample to determine whether sleep duration is associated with obesity and weight gain.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] these findings support the hypothesis that sleep duration is associated with obesity in a large longitudinally monitored united states sample.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] while mounting evidence suggests that sleep plays an important role in the etiology of obesity, the underlying pathogenic pathways are complex and unresolved.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] background: sleep loss contributes to obesity through a variety of mechanisms, including neuroendocrine functioning, increased hunger, and increased food intake.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] several pathways could link sleep deprivation to weight gain and obesity, including increased food intake, decreased energy expenditure, and changes in levels of appetite-regulating hormones, such as leptin and ghrelin.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] the increased prevalence of obesity in western nations over the past half-century has been paralleled by a severe reduction in sleep duration.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] physiologic studies suggest sleep deprivation may influence weight through effects on appetite, physical activity, and/or thermoregulation.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] insufficient sleep-which is also prevalent in modern society-and eating at inappropriate circadian times have been identified as risk factors for weight gain, yet the impact of chronic insufficient sleep on the circadian timing of subjective hunger and physiologic metabolic outcomes are not well understood.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] insufficient sleep increases the risk for insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, and obesity, suggesting that sleep restriction may impair peripheral metabolic pathways.

Can lack of sleep cause obesity? [SEP] findings in both cross-sectional and cohort studies of children suggested short sleep duration is strongly and consistently associated with concurrent and future obesity. |||

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] the frequent human exposure to various types of indoor lamps, as well as other light sources (television monitors, tablets and computers), raises a question: are there risks for the population?

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] the radiation from quartz halogen light bulbs has been reported to cause erythema in humans and skin tumors in experimental animals.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] reports indicate that exposure to quartz-halogen lamps is erythemogenic, mutagenic, and carcinogenic.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] these data confirm the carcinogenic potential of the quartz-halogen lamp.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] we conclude that direct radiation from these lamps can cause damage to human skin, due to their uvc and uvb output.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] the objective of this study was to determine the relative risk of injury to humans due to the radiation from these lamps.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] it is likely that similarly designed curing lights will produce a similar level of heat and have the potential to cause damage to soft tissue.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] to compare the carcinogenic potential of quartz-halogen lamps with that of other uv sources, we determined the dose dependence for cytotoxicity and neoplastic transformation in neonatal human fibroblasts exposed in vitro to: a 15 w germicidal lamp (primarily 254 nm radiation), a 15 w cool white fluorescent lamp, and an unfiltered 20 w quartz-halogen lamp.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] however, the lamp, which contains mercury, must be disposed of at the end of its lifetime or following damage due to physical shock or vibration.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] the use of unfiltered quartz-halogen lamps exposes human skin to radiation that spans much of the ultraviolet (uv) spectrum.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] new light sources including light-emitting diodes (leds) have elicited questions about retinal damage, including the blue-light hazard.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] we concluded that the lamps and electronic devices do not emit ultraviolet radiation; so they pose no health risk for the population.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] but light is potentially dangerous: it is capable of destroying cells or their components by photooxidation, especially in the presence of sensitizing pigments such as haems and cytochromes, which are ubiquitous in aerobic cells.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] in medical applications of low power laser irradiations, safety is one of the most concerning problems since the light focused by the biological object itself may cause damage of living organisms.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] we studied a 12-volt 50-watt quartz halogen lamp.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] we estimate that the relative risk to keratinocyte dna in human skin, in vivo, from exposure to the 50-watt halogen lamp at a distance of 7 cm is between 27 and 400% of the noontime summer sun in michigan.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] little information is available on the effect of visible light from commercial fluorescence lamps, commonly used in the treatment of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia, on parameters related to genetic damage in eucaryotic cells.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] the sun, arc welding, plasma cutting and the arc of discharge lamps were found to have extremely high effective radiances with corresponding permissible exposure times of only 0.6-40 s, suggesting that viewing these light sources is very hazardous to the retina.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] it is now acknowledged that the tl01 lamp is probably 2-3 times more carcinogenic per minimum erythema dose than broad-band uvb, but the cumulative dose required in therapy is considerably less than when using broad-band uvb sources.

Is breaking an energy-saving lamp harmful to health? [SEP] since the lamps emit across a wide range of the electromagnetic spectrum, all photobiological species may be exposed to another type of light pollution. |||

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] excess copper exposure is thought to be linked to the development of alzheimer's disease (ad) neuropathology.

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] excess copper exposure is a risk factor of neurodegeneration related to alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] chronic exposure to copper and its dyshomeostasis have been linked to accelerated cognitive decline and potentially increasing risk for alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] the involvement of body copper metabolism in the development of alzheimer's disease (ad) - the most common form of dementia - is a deeply investigated issue in recent years.

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] background:environmental copper has been implicated in the pathogenesis of alzheimer’s disease based on evidence that: 1) brain copper levels increase with age, 2) copper promotes misfolding and toxicity of amyloid-β in vitro, 3) copper-modulating interventions reduce amyloid pathology in animal models.

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] copper is known to be a critical factor in alzheimer's disease (ad) pathogenesis, as it is involved in amyloid-β (aβ) peptide related toxicity.

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] taken together, our data suggest that chronic copper exposure accelerates not only amyloid pathology but also tau pathology in a mouse model of ad.

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] copper promotes a toxic buildup of amyloid-beta (aβ) and neurofibrillary tangle pathology in the brain, and its exposure may increase the risk for alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] taken together, our findings support the pathological impact of copper on inflammatory responses and aβ clearance in the brain, which could serve as key mechanisms to explain, in part, the copper exposure as an environmental risk factor for ad.

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] copper dyshomeostasis has been suggested as an aetiological risk factor for some neurodegenerative diseases, such as alzheimer's disease.

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] altered copper homeostasis and hypercholesterolemia have been identified independently as risk factors for alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] this, however, correlated with increased vascular accumulation of aβ and impairment of spatial memory, indicating that copper exposure has the pivotal role in the vascular damage and development of cognitive decline.

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] however, the effect of copper upon non-amyloid alzheimer’s pathology is relatively under-explored.objective:to determine if modulation of brain copper level affects brain tau pathology and/or associated cognitive impairment.methods:we tested the hypothesis that brain copper modulates tau pathology by manipulating brain levels of copper in the ps19 transgenic mouse model of tau pathology.

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] recently, it has been hypothesized that copper toxicity may be a contributory factor in the etiology of the neurodegenerative disease ad.

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] we treated a second cohort of mice with exogenous dietary copper in order to evaluate whether excess environmental copper promotes brain tau pathology.results:copper-lowering with oral zinc attenuated spatial memory impairment in female but not male ps19 mice, without a significant effect upon tau pathology.

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] brain copper imbalance plays an important role in amyloid-β aggregation, tau hyperphosphorylation, and neurotoxicity observed in alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] a dysfunction in copper homeostasis seems to occur in alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] a dysfunction in copper homeostasis seems to occur in alzheimer's disease (ad).

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] taken together, our data showed that chronic copper exposure accelerated memory impairment and altered the expression of proteins in hippocampus in 3xtg-ad mice.

Does copper intake increase the risk of Alzheimer's disease? [SEP] although the positive relationship between copper and alzheimer's disease (ad) was reported by a lot of epidemiological data, the mechanism is not completely known. |||

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] particles removed from the air are likely to include airborne allergens, so ionisers may achieve an effect by reducing the allergen load.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] the influence of artificially generated atmospheric ions is studied in 15 patients with bronchial asthma.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] the effect of ionisers on airborne concentrations of house dust mite allergen der p i was investigated in a double blind, crossover, placebo controlled trial in the homes of 20 children with allergic asthma.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] manufacturers of ionisers claim many benefits from the use of their devices, including the relief of asthma.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] in combination with other allergen avoidance measures, the examined air-cleaners can contribute to diminished allergen exposure and improvement of airway hyperresponsiveness in asthmatic patients.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] a slight but significant (at 5% level) improvement in the lung function was demonstrated in nine patients during positive as well as negative ion exposure, but the patients' subjective votings of the air quality did not show any changes due to ion exposure.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] no change in the histamine threshold of the airways in six patients with bronchial asthma was demonstrated during exposure to ions.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] improvement of allergic asthma is seen at high altitude partly because of low concentrations of allergen, especially house dust mite.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to test recently developed air-cleaners with respect to their capacity to capture airborne allergen particles and to improve clinical parameters of asthmatic patients sensitized to aeroallergens.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] the injection of allergen into the sensitized host induces a number of cellular and humoral changes associated with clinical improvement.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] allergen immunotherapy (ait) usually improves respiratory symptoms, mainly in allergic rhinitis (ar).

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] scit may prevent the development of allergic asthma in children with ar.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] scit may prevent the development of allergic asthma in children with ar.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] the benefits of allergen avoidance at high altitude have important clinical implications for children with allergic asthma.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] airborne allergens can induce an immunological chronic disease characterized by airway hyper responsiveness and inflammation, mediated by exaggerated th2 immune response.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] allergens and pollution are reduced at high altitude.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] the beneficial effects of high-altitude treatment in asthma have been attributed to allergen avoidance.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] recent evidence shows that this treatment also improves airway inflammation in nonallergic patients.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] immunotherapy of allergic diseases can be effective.

Do air ions cause an improvement of allergies? [SEP] clinical efficacy is associated with improvement of basophil sensitivity and an increase in allergen-specific immunoglobulin concentration. |||

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] the influence of artificially generated atmospheric ions is studied in 15 patients with bronchial asthma.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] manufacturers of ionisers claim many benefits from the use of their devices, including the relief of asthma.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] a slight but significant (at 5% level) improvement in the lung function was demonstrated in nine patients during positive as well as negative ion exposure, but the patients' subjective votings of the air quality did not show any changes due to ion exposure.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] previous reports have shown that ion content in the air may have an effect on respiratory function.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] previous reports have shown that ion content in the air may have an effect on respiratory function.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] particles removed from the air are likely to include airborne allergens, so ionisers may achieve an effect by reducing the allergen load.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] no change in the histamine threshold of the airways in six patients with bronchial asthma was demonstrated during exposure to ions.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] the effect of ionisers on airborne concentrations of house dust mite allergen der p i was investigated in a double blind, crossover, placebo controlled trial in the homes of 20 children with allergic asthma.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] there were no significant differences in symptoms or beta-2 agonist usage between ionised and control air in three studies.effects of positive ion generators (one study) this study demonstrated that although positively ionised air was associated with a larger fall in fev1 with exercise, this did not reach statistical significance.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] in combination with other allergen avoidance measures, the examined air-cleaners can contribute to diminished allergen exposure and improvement of airway hyperresponsiveness in asthmatic patients.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] we conducted a systematic review of the available evidence to determine the effectiveness of positive and negative ion generators in people with asthma.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] we conducted a systematic review of the available evidence to determine the effectiveness of positive and negative ion generators in people with asthma.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] results from studies which test the efficacy of air ionisers to reduce asthma symptoms are often inconclusive and their use as a treatment for asthma remains debatable.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] results from studies which test the efficacy of air ionisers to reduce asthma symptoms are often inconclusive and their use as a treatment for asthma remains debatable.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] it is well-known that many patients with asthma undergo clinical improvement during a stay at high altitude.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] effects of positive ion generators (one study)this study demonstrated that although positively ionised air was associated with a larger fall in fev1 with exercise, this did not reach statistical significance.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] recent evidence shows that this treatment also improves airway inflammation in nonallergic patients.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] randomised controlled trials (parallel or crossover design studies) comparing ionisers with dummy ionisers (being negative or positive ion emitters), in children or adults with chronic asthma.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] randomised controlled trials (parallel or crossover design studies) comparing ionisers with dummy ionisers (being negative or positive ion emitters), in children or adults with chronic asthma.

Do air ions cause an improvement of asthma?? [SEP] this study indicates that the use of ionisers cannot be recommended in the homes of asthmatic subjects to improve their symptoms. |||

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] changes in smoking habits influence the risk of preterm delivery as well.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] smoking is a well recognized risk factor for low birthweight infants and has been implicated in preterm birth.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] smoking remains one of the few potentially preventable factors associated with low birthweight, very preterm birth and perinatal death.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] cigarette smoking caused a reduction in the incidence of fetal breathing movements in normal and abnormal pregnancies.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] recent randomized trials indicate that women who quit smoking early in pregnancy reduce their risk of delivering a lbw infant.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] cigarette smoking during pregnancy increases the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and women who quit smoking at this time are able to reduce the risk of low birth weight, preterm labour, spontaneous abortion and perinatal death.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] research has shown that pregnant women who smoke cigarettes increase their risk of having low birthweight (lbw) infants.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] smoking cessation during pregnancy can reduce the risk of poor birth outcomes.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] previous preterm delivery and maternal smoking are associated with increased risks of preterm delivery.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] smoking during pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes such as preterm delivery, intrauterine growth restriction, stillbirth, and low birth weight.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] the women who quit smoking between pregnancies were not at increased risk for very or moderately preterm delivery, whereas the women who started to smoke in the second pregnancy had the same risk as those who continued to smoke.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] we studied the associations among smoking habits, previous very preterm or moderately preterm delivery (before 32 weeks and at 32 to 36 weeks, respectively), and the risk of a subsequent very preterm or moderately preterm delivery in a population-based cohort of 243,858 women in sweden between 1983 and 1993.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] smoking cessation programs in pregnancy appear to reduce smoking, low birthweight and preterm birth, but no effect was detected for very low birthweight or perinatal mortality.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] despite awareness of negative health outcomes associated with smoking, pregnant smokers might reduce their tobacco consumption thinking that a low smoking rate reduces smoking-related negative birth outcomes.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] although smoking during pregnancy may lead to many adverse effects, such as fetal growth restriction, placental abruption, stillbirth, and preterm labor, smoking is the only environmental exposure known to consistently reduce the risk of preeclampsia and gestational hypertension.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] smoking is a risk factor in pregnancy.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] in spite of the well-known effect of tobacco on embryo growth retardation, of the higher perinatal mortality of the offspring of smoking mothers, and of the dependence of perinatal mortality risk on small birth weight, it has consistently been found that small infants of smoking mothers have lower mortality rates than small infants of non-smoking mothers.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] hence nicotine appeared to be the factor in cigarette smoke responsible for the reduction in the incidence of fetal breathing movements.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] approximately 360,000-500,000 smoke-exposed infants are born yearly, and prenatal smoking remains a leading modifiable cause of poor birth outcomes (e.g.

Do smoking bans lead to fewer preterm births? [SEP] prenatal smoking (11.5% of all births) was significantly associated with very (aor=1.5, 95% ci=1.4, 1.6); moderate (aor=1.4, 95% ci=1.4, 1.4); and late (aor=1.2, 95% ci=1.2, 1.3) preterm deliveries; term low birth weight deliveries (aor=2.3, 95% ci=2.3, 2.5); sids (aor=2.7, 95% ci=2.4, 3.0); and preterm-related deaths (aor=1.5, 95% ci=1.4, 1.6). |||

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] a wide variety of topical products is available to combat cellulite, but these have difficulties in being absorbed through the skin.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] cellulite or lipodystrophy involves the modification of the subcutaneous adipose tissue.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] the studied device demonstrated efficacy in the reduction of cellulite severity and body circumference measures in the buttocks.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] while many treatments claim to be able to improve the appearance of cellulite, the long-term effectiveness of these treatments and whether the logic behind these treatments can lead to a long-term improvement has not been extensively reviewed.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] in addition to that, synergistic effect of this combination appears as a promising approach for long-acting treatment of cellulite.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] cellulite has a complex and multifactorial etiology.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] synergistic action on treating cellulite has gained support in the treatment of cellulite.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] results from clinical trials that target different anatomical aspects of cellulite can provide insights into the underlying pathophysiology of cellulite.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] cellulite is a disorder in which adipose tissue extends through the dermis, producing a cosmetically displeasing dimpling in the affected areas.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] these results supported the food and drug administration clearance of the device for the long-term reduction in the appearance of cellulite.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] clinical studies targeting the collagen-rich fibrous septae in cellulite dimples through mechanical, surgical, or enzymatic approaches suggest that targeting fibrous septae is the strategy most likely to provide durable improvement of skin topography and the appearance of cellulite.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] cellulite is a type of lipodystrophy that develops primarily from an alteration in blood circulation or of the lymphatic system that causes structural changes in subcutaneous adipose tissue, collagen, and adjacent proteoglycans.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] : background: cellulite is a condition in which the skin has a dimpled lumpy appearance.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] treatment of cellulite has targeted adipose tissue, dermis, and fibrous septae with varying degrees of success and durability of response.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] recently, investigations suggest the benefits of low-level laser (light) therapy (lllt) in noninvasive treatment of cellulite, improvement of body countering, and control of lipid profile.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] proteomic analysis showed that adipose tissue affected by cellulite is characterized by high degree of oxidative stress and by remodeling phenomena.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] cellulite is a dermal disorder including the extracellular matrix, the lymphatic and microcirculatory systems and the adipose tissue.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] adult women with moderate to severe cellulite (n = 55) underwent a single treatment.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] a search of the pubmed database and clinicaltrials.gov website was conducted to identify clinical trials that have investigated treatments for cellulite.

Do special garments with the active ingredient Liporeductyl help against cellulite? [SEP] this study demonstrates the safety, efficacy, and subject satisfaction with vacuum-assisted precise tissue release in the treatment of cellulite. |||

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] long-term light alcohol intake lowered cardiovascular and all-cause mortality risk and increased life expectancy.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] recent studies have suggested that moderate alcohol consumption is associated with beneficial effects related to the prevention of cardiovascular diseases.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] on the contrary, at the moment, several epidemiological studies have suggested that moderate consumption of alcohol reduces overall mortality, mainly from coronary diseases.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] light to moderate alcohol consumption was associated with significantly lower rates of cardiac events and longer survival, independent of its anti-inflammatory effect.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] the impact of long-term alcohol intake and types of alcoholic beverages consumed on cardiovascular mortality and life expectancy at age 50 was investigated in the zutphen study, a cohort of 1373 men born between 1900 and 1920 and examined repeatedly between 1960 and 2000.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] whether a lifestyle of moderate-heavy alcohol use in older adults increased age-related brain changes was examined.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] after adjustment for confounders, compared with never or occasional drinkers, light to moderate drinkers (1-7 drinks per week) showed a decreased risk of death (hazard ratio [hr], 0.75; 95% confidence interval [ci], 0.56-1.00) and cardiac events (hr, 0.72; ci, 0.54-0.97).

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] light to moderate alcohol intake lowers the risk of cardiovascular mortality, but whether this protective effect can be attributed to a specific type of beverage remains unclear.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] binge drinking may reduce telomere length.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] uncertainty remains about the overall survival benefit of alcohol consumption and the mechanisms underlying the cardioprotective effect of light to moderate alcohol intake.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] moderate drinking is associated with some health benefits, and can play a positive role in older people's social lives.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] the effects of heavy alcohol use on brain functioning closely resemble age-related changes, but it is not known if moderate-heavy alcohol consumption intensifies brain aging.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] moderate alcohol consumption (one to two drinks per day) has been associated with better cognitive function and lower risk of developing dementia in the elderly.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] light wine consumption was associated with 5 years longer life expectancy; however, more studies are needed to verify this result.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] the longevity observed with moderate alcohol consumption may be explained by other confounding factors, and, if such a relationship is present, the mechanism is not well understood.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] recent studies, however, have implied tht whilst moderate or high ingestion of alcohol may be detrimental, a threshold exists for alcohol consumption below which alcohol may even exert a beneficial effect.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] compared with never or occasional drinkers, subjects drinking 1 to 7 drinks per week had lower age-, sex-, and race-adjusted incidences of death (27.4 vs 20.1 per 1000 person-years, respectively) and cardiac events (28.9 vs 20.8 per 1000 person-years).

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] there is evidence of a u-shaped association between alcohol consumption and physical health outcomes in older people, such that moderate drinking is associated with better outcomes than abstinence or heavy drinking, but whether moderate drinking in older people is associated with better cognition and mental health than non-drinking has not been explored.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] drinking alcohol in moderation is often considered a health-conscious behavior, associated with improved cardiovascular and brain health.

Does alcohol in moderate amounts prolong life? [SEP] in middle-aged and older men and women, moderate levels of alcohol consumption are associated with better cognitive health than abstinence. |||

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] however, it can lead to a lethal outcome in severe cases of caffeine intoxication.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] it is common to detect caffeine in toxicological screens in autopsy cases, but we always have to take in account that caffeine itself possesses toxicity which may sometimes lead to death the case was a 44-year-old woman who was found dead in her room one day in june.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] the extremely high blood concentration of caffeine determined a strong cardiovascular response, leading to fatal arrhythmia, as supported by histological evidence of myocardial injury.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] acute caffeine exposure has proconvulsant effects and worsens epileptic and ischemic neuronal damage.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] thus, this study aims to review the existing literature on caffeine consumption and suicide attempts and deaths, investigating the relation between caffeine consumption and suicide attempts and deaths.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] although fatalities due to caffeine intoxication are uncommon, a caffeine overdose may cause profound toxicity, resulting in tachycardia, arrhythmia, convulsions, vomiting, coma, and possibly death.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] it is currently unknown whether caffeine-induced apoptosis is associated with other cell death mechanisms, such as autophagy.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] surprisingly, prolonged caffeine exposure decreases the susceptibility to seizures and the extent of ischemic damage.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] severe caffeine poisoning is rare, but is associated with high mortality.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] mechanistically, caffeine has been reported to affect cell cycle function, induce programmed cell death or apoptosis and perturb key cell cycle regulatory proteins.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] results indicated that both ethanol and caffeine caused neuronal cell death in a dose- and time-dependent manner.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] exposure to 20-mm caffeine for 24 hours magnified reduced cell viability and enhanced apoptotic cell death induced by 200 mm of ethanol pretreatment.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] the findings revealed that, despite being an addictive substance and potentially fatal in higher doses, caffeine was still a rare factor in a number of studies concerning its relation with suicide attempts and death.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] caffeine has long been recognized as an addictive substance with numerous toxic effects.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] the concentration of caffeine determined in the femoral blood of the decedent was three times higher than the lethal concentrations reported in other published case studies.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] these results support previous studies on the use of caffeine in the treatment of human tumors and indicate a potential new target in the regulation of apoptosis.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] therefore, a better understanding of how caffeine may be linked to suicide is crucial for its prevention.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] over the last years, cases of caffeine ingestion for purposes of committing suicide have been reported in scientific literature.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] all known mechanisms of apoptosis induced by caffeine act through cell cycle modulation or p53 induction.

Does caffeine make us die sooner??? [SEP] toxicological analysis revealed 127 mg/l of caffeine concentration in the deceased's blood, which was considered to be fatal. |||

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] adipose tissue cooling, under controlled conditions, induces physical effects on subcutaneous tissue called cryolipolysis (cll), which has been proposed as a method to reduce noninvasively the amount of adipose tissue.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] their ability to correctly report small increments in weight was compared before and after local cooling (a 20-minute application of a crushed-ice pack) of the quadriceps muscle group.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] only a small group of participants (n = 5) showed evidence of a decreased ability to discriminate weight after cooling.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] cryolipolysis is a noninvasive technique for the reduction of subcutaneous adipose tissue by controlled, localized cooling, causing adipocyte apoptosis, reportedly without affecting surrounding tissue.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] cryolipolysis is a noninvasive, skin cooling treatment for local fat reduction that causes prolonged hypoesthesia over the treated area.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] cryolipolysis produced a marked decrease in mechanical and thermal pain sensitivity.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] in conclusion, we find evidence to suggest that a greater initial weight loss as the first step of a weight management programme may result in improved sustained weight maintenance.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] it is a common belief that weight loss achieved at a slow rate is better preserved than if the weight is lost more rapidly.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] early weight loss (ewl) in the first 1-2 months of behavioral treatment is a strong predictor of later total weight loss.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] these results suggest that a 20-min cold stress of 8 degrees c or 20 degrees c does not increase muscle sp 25 or sp 72 content.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] short-term studies indicate that intentional weight loss among obese persons significantly improves physiologic variables.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] emerging evidence suggests that rapid initial weight loss results in better long-term weight loss maintenance.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] our study outlined behavioral role of leptin during the adaptation to cold, which adds some new knowledge to promote our understanding of cold-induced metabolic adaptation.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] although cryolipolysis has a low incidence of adverse side effects 33 cases of paradoxical adipose hyperplasia (pah) have been reported and the precise pathogenesis of pah is poorly understood.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] this weight loss programme with a vlcd enabled obese subjects to lose weight and decrease cardiovascular risks.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] the beneficial effects of weight loss with a very-low-calorie diet (vlcd) on cardiovascular risk factors have been reported at the end of energy restriction.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] skin biopsies revealed that cryolipolysis decreased epidermal nerve fiber density, as well as dermal myelinated nerve fiber density, which persisted throughout the study.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] objective: to test the influence of cooling on proprioceptive acuity as reflected in the ability to discriminate weights.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] the success of dietary weight loss efforts is influenced by the energy expenditure response to caloric restriction.

Does light freezing help with weight loss? [SEP] this pilot study shows a behavioral weight loss program that is feasible, acceptable, and effective in producing weight loss among overweight or obese women with hot flashes. |||

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] existing evidence has shown that acupuncture might facilitate the prevention and treatment of asthma via its anti-inflammatory effects.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] acupuncture may help to improve the blood theology indexes with an increased volume of blood flow, and regulate the immunological function of the human body, thus giving therapeutic effects for allergic rhinitis.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] acupuncture has been used for the prevention and treatment of asthma.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] acupuncture has been widely used to treat patients with allergic rhinitis, but the available evidence of its effectiveness is insufficient.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] previous studies suggested that acupuncture was a promising adjunctive treatment for asthma.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] this article discusses the possible mechanisms underlying the effects of acupuncture in the prevention and treatment of asthma.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] acupuncture has been shown to modulate th1/th2 balance, block inflammatory cells and mediators, improve airway remodeling, and regulate hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis function.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] to observe the clinical effects of acupuncture for allergic rhinitis.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] acupuncture appears to exert its antiasthmatic properties through multiple pathways.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] individualized homeopathic treatment was associated with significant alleviation of hay fever symptoms, enabling the reduction in use of conventional treatment.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] we have reported previously that acupuncture has beneficial effects on asthma without changing the concentration of serum cortisol, although endogenous glucocorticoid (gc) plays an important role in regulating immune responses.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] the assessment of the clinical effectiveness of homeopathic remedies in the alleviation of hay fever symptoms in a typical clinical setting.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] we aim to investigate whether acupressure could be used as daily nursing care practice to reduce the severity of allergic rhinitis symptoms and improve sleep quality in pediatric patients with allergic rhinitis.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] this trial will provide evidence for the effectiveness of acupuncture as a treatment for persistent allergic rhinitis.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] as the therapy of acupuncture continues to expand, electroacupuncture is increasing used in allergic rhinitis prevention and therapy, and many studies have published that it is effective in the treatment of allergic rhinitis.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] there is some evidence to support the use of acupuncture as an alternative therapy for asthma.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] our objective is to evaluate the effectiveness of acupuncture in patients in korea and china with persistent allergic rhinitis compared to sham acupuncture treatment or waitlist control.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] acupuncture significantly decreased rl and eosinophil count in both adrenal-intact and adrenalectomised asthmatic rats.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] our results showed a significant reduction in the symptoms of allergic rhinitis and improvement in sleep quality after acupressure treatment with no adverse effects.

Does acupuncture help against hay fever? [SEP] from baseline to 2 weeks, all the aforementioned symptoms and red eyes, sleep quality, and allergic rhinitis classification more improved in the acupressure group than in the control group and the effect in the acupressure group was maintained through 4 weeks after intervention. |||

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] ear piercing and wearing earrings have been associated with many medical problems including local infection, sepsis, superficial cervical lymphadenopathy, localized argyria, contact dermatitis, lymphoplasia, edema and hematoma formation, exuberant granulation tissue, keloids, lipomas, embedded earrings, epidermal cyst formation, sarcoidal granulomas, earlobe deformities, cutaneous injury resembling frostbite, pressure sores or bruising of the postauricular area, syncope, aspiration, and ingestion.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] six ear acupuncture points, one non-acupuncture ear point, and the body locus ho-ku (li-4) were electrically stimulated in order to compare the effects of stimulation on the body's pain threshold at selected loci on various points on the body by measurement with a radiation heat-type pain meter on 5 subjects.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] battlefield auricular acupuncture (the placing of needles in specific points in the ear) is a modality used to treat acute pain associated with a variety of ailments.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] the ear points, with the exception of the non-acupuncture ear point, were found to be effective even in peripheral body regions in varying degrees.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] patients receiving auricular acupuncture reported lower pain scores than those who did not at 15 minutes (6.0 [95% confidence interval (ci), 5.4-6.6] vs 2.6 [95% ci, 1.7-3.5]; p < .0001), 6 hours (4.8 [95% ci, 4.0-5.6] vs 2.5 [95% ci, 1.6-3.4]; p = .0005), and 24 hours (4.1 [95% ci, 3.3-4.9] vs 1.3 [95% ci, 1.0-2.8]; p = .0006).

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] as regards ear acupuncture (ea) there is still some criticism about the clinical specificity of auricular points/areas representing organs or structures of the body.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] stimulation of the needle placed in the bsaa of the left ear showed a pattern that largely overlapped regions belonging to the pain matrix, as shown to be involved in previous somatic acupuncture studies but with local differences in the left amygdala, anterior cingulate cortex, and cerebellum.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] full-thickness burns to the external ear can produce loss of skin and cartilage and can result in severe cosmetic deformity.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] in one patient, a significant inner ear injury also occurred.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] often the disease is self-inflicted; insertion of an object into the canal in an attempt to clean the ear interferes with the ear's own cleansing mechanism and causes inflammation and infection.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] the complaint of a painful, burning, red ear may be associated with irritation of the third cervical root, temporomandibular joint dysfunction, or thalamic syndrome.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] even partial-thickness burns render the ear vulnerable to tissue loss if the helix is subjected to pressure from pillows, dressings, or straps that are used to secure endotracheal tubes.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] excess cerumen (earwax) in the external auditory canal is associated with symptoms of earache, fullness in the ears, and diminished hearing.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] a clinical study has revealed that irritation caused by pre-existing diseases of the ear (e.g.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] due to the complex innervation of the ear, referred pain can arise from most sites in the head and neck, especially the upper cervical spine, the teeth and the throat.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] common complications following syringing are pain, external auditory canal trauma and otitis externa.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] the aim of our study was to determine whether auricular acupuncture reduces pain, medication usage, and missed work hours when added to standard therapy in adult patients with acute sore throat.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] of eight subjects reporting one or more of acute onset earache, fullness in the ears, diminished hearing, and tinnitus, seven had complete cerenum occlusion in the affected ear.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] moreover, the peculiarity of the regions involved in bsaa stimulation compared to those involved in the pain matrix, is in accordance with the therapeutic indications of this acupoint that include head pain, dizziness and vertigo.

Do earrings cause discomfort by destroying acupuncture points or meridians? [SEP] the painful ear is caused commonly by otitis media, otitis externa and temporomandibular joint dysfunction. |||

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] these results indicate that rolfing can lead to improved performance in mildly affected patients because they possess the neurological capacity to make use of increased tissue mobility, and thus avoid contractures.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] this article describes the principles and history of rolfing and reviews current research.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] rolfing has a physiologic impact on the peripheral nervous system and on myofascial structures.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] rolfing, or structural integration, is one of many types of manipulative therapy.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] rolfing is a technique which involves the use of pressure on areas of the body in which muscle tendons adhere to each other rather than sliding over one another in the normal way.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] in this study, a series of 10 patients with mild, moderate or severe cerebral palsy underwent rolfing treatment, and the results were evaluated.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] rolfing is a type of treatment that is compatible with nursing principles.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] a review of the historical considerations in the development of the process of rolfing is discussed as well as a description of rolfing.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] this report describes a system of bodywork called rolfing (rolf institute of structural integration, boulder, co).

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] varus osteotomy, distraction osteogenesis, or epiphyseal stapling is one treatment option for valgus malalignment to improve appearance, gait, and function.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] only a few clinical trials specifically have looked at rolfing.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] this article describes, for the first time, the supraperiostic technique used for aesthetic purposes to remedy hemiatrophy, genu valgum, poliomyelitis sequela, and thin legs.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] traditionally, surgical intervention for patients with a spinal deformity has been considered for cosmetic benefits, but surgical intervention can alter the lung physiology or volumes and in turn leads to increase in physical capacity and exercise tolerance.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] lateral flanks, hip rolls and buttock ptosis need also to be addressed surgically.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] related research on deep tissue massage and myofascial release also is reviewed.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] 3d ct revealed that in all patients the malrotation of the scapula was improved postoperatively.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] although a significant correction of local kyphosis has been reported previously, only a few studies have investigated whether this correction leads to an improved overall sagittal alignment.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] the aim of this study was to assess postural changes after abdominoplasty by studding the position and orientation through space of the body and the centre of pressure.

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] the postoperative flexion (97.9 ± 12.9 to 160 ± 11.5 degrees) and abduction (99.3 ± 13.0 to 161.4 ± 15.7 degrees) were significantly improved compared with the mean preoperative values (p < 0.0001).

Does the "Rolfing" treatment cause an improvement of body malpositions as well as certain pains? [SEP] abdominoplasty, which causes a sudden change in body masses, significantly improves body image and self-esteem. |||

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] the association between marijuana use and the prevalence of prediabetes and diabetes was examined in 3,034 participants at cardia examination year 25 (2010-2011), while the incidence of prediabetes and diabetes according to previous marijuana use was assessed in 3,151 individuals who were free from prediabetes/diabetes at year 7 (1992-1993) and who returned for at least one of the four subsequent follow-up examinations over 18 years.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] marijuana use in young adulthood is associated with an increased risk of prediabetes by middle adulthood, but not with the development of diabetes by this age.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] over 18 years of follow-up, a greater risk of prediabetes (but not diabetes) was found for individuals who reported a lifetime use of marijuana of 100 times or more (hr 1.39 [95% ci 1.13, 1.71]), compared with individuals who had never used marijuana.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] after multivariable adjustment, higher odds of prediabetes were found for individuals who reported current use of marijuana (or 1.65 [95% ci 1.15, 2.38]) and a lifetime use of 100 times or more (or 1.49 [95% ci 1.06, 2.11]), compared with individuals who reported never using marijuana.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] epidemiologic studies have found lower prevalence rates of obesity and diabetes mellitus in marijuana users compared with people who have never used marijuana, suggesting a relationship between cannabinoids and peripheral metabolic processes.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] in multivariable adjusted models, current marijuana use was associated with 16% lower fasting insulin levels (95% confidence interval [ci], -26, -6) and 17% lower homa-ir (95% ci, -27, -6).

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] we found that marijuana use was associated with lower levels of fasting insulin and homa-ir, and smaller waist circumference.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] this study sought to clarify the cross-sectional and longitudinal associations between self-reported marijuana use, and prediabetes (defined as fasting glucose 5.6-6.9 mmol/l, 2 h glucose post ogtt 7.8-11.0 mmol/l or hba1c 5.7-6.4% [39-47 mmol/mol]) and diabetes.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] data from the community-based coronary artery risk development in young adults (cardia) study were used to determine marijuana use and the presence of prediabetes and diabetes among participants.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] to test the hypothesis that marijuana smoking significantly lowers the risk of developing cancer in humans, we analyzed published data from a prospective cohort study on cancer incidence among nonsmokers (ns), marijuana-only smokers (ms), tobacco-only smokers (ts), and marijuana and tobacco smokers (mts).

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] results of previous studies indicate that marijuana could alleviate certain factors of metabolic syndrome, such as obesity.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] the purpose of this study is to assess whether marijuana use is associated with decreased odds of prescription opioid use.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] analyses suggest that for females (but not males) who used marijuana in adolescence, marijuana use increased the risk for subsequent daily smoking: or = 1.71, 95% ci = (1.13, 2.59).

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] given the declining trend in adolescent cigarette smoking and increase in general access to marijuana, it is important to examine whether marijuana use in adolescence is a risk factor for subsequent cigarette smoking in late adolescence and early adulthood.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] we recommend that adolescent marijuana use be viewed as a possible risk factor for subsequent initiation of daily cigarette smoking in women.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] marijuana use among individuals with alcohol or other drug dependence is associated with a lower odds of achieving abstinence from drug and heavy alcohol use.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] marijuana use is associated with negative cognitive and health outcomes and risky driving.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] to date, no study has investigated the relationship between marijuana use and fasting insulin, glucose, and insulin resistance.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] using the log linear model to calculate the probability of developing each cancer form as a function of the interaction between marijuana and tobacco smoking, as well as functions of marijuana and tobacco smoking main effects whereby chi square statistics were calculated for the interaction and main effect estimates, we found that in all cases tested there was a significantly lower risk for ms compared to ts.

Does marijuana use reduce the risk of developing diabetes? [SEP] in both study samples, marijuana use was associated with significantly increased odds of alcohol positivity. |||

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] although fish and fish oil supplements have been touted for their many benefits, especially in the treatment of cardiovascular disease, recent headlines have suggested that they might be linked to an increased risk of prostate cancer.

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] dietary intake of marine fatty acids from fish may protect against prostate cancer development.

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] these results suggest that fish intake is unrelated to prostate cancer incidence but may improve prostate cancer survival.

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggest that fish consumption may be a protective factor against the development of prostate cancer.

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] frequent consumption of fatty fish and marine fatty acids appears to reduce the risk of prostate cancer, and this association is modified by genetic variation in the cox-2 gene.

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] dietary fatty acids may influence prostate carcinogenesis.

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] our results suggest that consumption of preserved fish may reduce the risk of developing prostate cancer.

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] we examined the relation of fish and seafood n-3 fatty acid intakes with prostate cancer incidence and mortality.

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] fish and seafood n-3 fatty acids may prevent or delay the progression of prostate cancer, but epidemiologic studies do not uniformly support this hypothesis.

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] taking dietary supplements, such as fish oil (fo), which is rich in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (pufas), has been employed as a strategy to lower prostate cancer risk and control disease progression.

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] we investigated the association between prostate cancer risk and fresh and preserved fish consumption among participants of a population-based case-control study (1,534 cases, 1,607 controls).

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] the interventional studies using fish oil supplements in patients with prca showed no impact on prostate-specific antigen levels; however, 2 studies showed a decrease in inflammatory or other cancer markers.

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] cohort studies assessing the risk of prca mortality suggested an association between higher intake of fish and decreased risk of prostate cancer-related death.

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] we examined the effects of lycopene and fish oil on prostate gene expression in a double-blind placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial.

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] survival analysis among the men diagnosed with prostate cancer revealed that those consuming fish >or=5 times/wk had a 48% lower risk of prostate cancer death than did men consuming fish less than once weekly [relative risk (rr) = 0.52; 95% ci: 0.30, 0.91; p for trend = 0.05].

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] we assessed dietary intake of fish among 1,499 incident prostate cancer cases and 1,130 population controls in sweden.

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] eating fatty fish (e.g., salmon-type fish) once or more per week, compared to never, was associated with reduced risk of prostate cancer (or: 0.57, 95% ci: 0.43-0.76).

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] the aim of our study was to investigate the association between these fatty acids and the subsequent risk of prostate cancer.

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] eighty-four men with low risk prostate cancer were stratified based on self-reported dietary consumption of fish and tomatoes and then randomly assigned to a 3-month intervention of lycopene (n = 29) or fish oil (n = 27) supplementation or placebo (n = 28).

Do fish oil capsules promote prostate cancer? [SEP] multiplicative and additive interactions between fish intake and cox-2 snps on prostate cancer risk were evaluated. |||

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] among virgin women, there is a subgroup who are likely to have premarital coitus if they should meet the right person.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] by analyzing reasons given by virgin women for not engaging in premarital coitus, we can attain greater insight into the decision-making process involved in maintaining virginity as well as in the transition to nonvirginity.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] results suggested significant differences between female virgins and nonvirgins among ten value-orientation criteria.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] the present study was conducted in an attempt to determine perceived value-orientations toward premarital virginity of female virgins and nonvirgins.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] various studies have suggested an increase in the incidence of premarital intercourse among women with a corresponding decline in premarital virginity.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] it examined the possibility of different orientations for different virgin or nonvirgin classifications and motivations.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] conception, as defined by the fertilisation of an ovum by a sperm, marks the beginning of human development.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] the case presented confirms that hp can occur in the absence of predisposing factors, and that the detection of a blighted ovum should not preclude the possibility of a simultaneous ectopic pregnancy.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] fertilization and pregnancy is possible even in women with diminished egg reserve with previous failed fertilization with icsi by performing artificial oocyte activation with calcium ionophore.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] her virginal introitus and lack of any serious febrile illness made asherman's syndrome highly unlikely.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] nonetheless, when it does occur, the intrauterine pregnancy is usually viable.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] the probability of conception ranged from 0.10 when intercourse occurred five days before ovulation to 0.33 when it occurred on the day of ovulation itself.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] this case demonstrated that a fresh blastocyst transferred into the endometrial cavity migrated through the fallopian tube, implanted on an ovarian surface, and formed an ovarian pregnancy.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] heterotopic pregnancies are rare in spontaneous conceptions.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] the study was conducted on a 17-year-old virgin with normal sexual development and normal secondary sexual characteristics whose menarche was at age 12 but whose menses ceased after two menstruations.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] there was no evident relation between the age of sperm and the viability of the conceptus, although only 6 percent of the pregnancies could be firmly attributed to sperm that were three or more days old.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] currently, a biomarker of conception is not available; as conception occurs shortly after ovulation, the latter can be used as a proxy for the time of conception.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] we report a case of ovarian pregnancy that supports a blastocyst migration mechanism.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] this case confirms that in humans, similar to some non-primates, ovulation is possible without shedding the endometrium.

Does virgin conception exist? [SEP] to determine if fertilization and embryo development and pregnancy was possible following in vitro fertilization (ivf) in a couple with long-term unexplained infertility where the female partner had diminished egg reserve and where fertilization failure occurred despite conventional oocyte insemination and intracyoplasmic sperm injection (icsi). |||

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] the objective of this systematic review was to investigate: (i) the effect of movement-based interventions on movement patterns (muscle activation, lumbo-pelvic kinematics or postural patterns) of people with low back pain (lbp), and (ii) the relationship between changes in movement patterns and subsequent changes in pain and activity limitation.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] health care providers often prescribe exercises as treatment for nonspecific low back pain.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] current evidence suggests that exercise interventions may be effective at reducing pain or disability in patients with low back pain.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] back extension exercises are often used in the rehabilitation of low back pain.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] recent evidence suggests that interventions based on lumbar muscle stabilisation exercises (lmse) and back endurance-resistance exercises (bere) may improve back pain and function performance.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] therapeutic exercises are frequently prescribed to patients with low back pain.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] to investigate the effectiveness of exercises for preventing new episodes of low-back pain or low-back pain-associated disability.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] exercise has long been a standard of treatment for back pain.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] numerous exercise programs for patients with low back pain have been described.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] stabilization exercises for patients with low back pain may help to decrease pain and disability.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] the exercises aimed at improving lumbar mobility in the transverse plane.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] to assess the feasibility of such an approach to the low back strain syndrome, a program of therapeutic exercises with and without the addition of heat and massage was employed for the treatment of this condition.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] the prescription of exercise as a conservative treatment for lumbar pain is frequent and seems effective for the chronic cases of nonspecific low back pain.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] it is unclear if exercises, either as part of treatment or as a post-treatment programme, can reduce back pain recurrences.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] a relationship between changes to movement patterns and improvements in pain or activity limitation was observed in one of six studies on muscle activation patterns, one of four studies that examined the flexion relaxation response pattern and in two of three studies that assessed lumbo-pelvic kinematics or postural characteristics.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] therefore, this study assesses effectiveness of massage therapy and abdominal hypopressive gymnastics and the combination of both to decrease pain and lumbar disability while increasing joint mobility and quality of life in patients with chronic nonspecific low back pain.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] over the last 2 decades, the use of intense, non-pain-contingent exercises for treatment of chronic back pain has received increased advocacy.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] it is assumed that low back pain patients who use pain-avoiding immobilizing strategies may benefit from specific back flexion and extension exercises aimed at reducing sagittal lumbar hypomobility.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] our objective was to compare the effectiveness of 2 home exercise programs in decreasing disability and pain related to subacute and chronic nonspecific low back pain.

Are movement exercises useful for back pain? [SEP] specific lumbar strengthening showed clinically relevant improvements in pain and disability in patients with persistent chronic low back pain. |||

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] in recent research, scientists have begun to suspect that birth control pill use could interfere with key mechanisms that play a role when women choose a sexual partner.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] millions of women use hormonal contraception and it has been suggested that such use may alter mate preferences.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] given that hormonal contraceptive use is widespread, effects of pill use on the processes of partner formation have important implications for relationship stability and may have other biologically relevant consequences.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] to test whether altered preference during pill use influences actual partner choice, we examined facial characteristics in 170 age-matched male partners of women who reported having either been using or not using the pill when the partnership was formed.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] both facial measurements and perceptual judgements demonstrated that partners of women who used the pill during mate choice have less masculine faces than partners of women who did not use hormonal contraception at this time.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] our data (a) provide the first experimental evidence that initiation of pill use in women causes changes in facial preferences and (b) documents downstream effects of these changes on real-life partner selection.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] between two sessions, initiation of pill use significantly decreased women's preferences for male facial masculinity but did not influence preferences for same-sex faces.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] concern has been expressed regarding fertility following oral contraceptive (pill) use.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] to examine the impact of oral contraceptive (pill) use on preferences, we tested for within-subject changes in preferences for masculine faces in women initiating pill use.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] this paper examines the social construction of 'choice' in women's use of the oral contraceptive birth control pill.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] we hypothesized that a widely used pill impairs sexuality.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] the paper works to de-construct contemporary understandings of choice and finds that women's use of the birth control pill is less an exercise of idealized individual agency than it is an act of repetition, tied to ambiguity around what a lived experience of choice might be.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] a woman's sexuality may influence the particular choice and acceptance of a contraceptive method which, in turn, may also affect her sexual response.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] positive and negative effects of the oral contraceptive pill are considered.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] conclusions: health care professionals prescribing hormonal contraception should be aware of misapprehensions and concerns of fertility among users of coc.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] since the function of oral contraceptives is to suppress ovulation, the risk of ovulation is an important parameter in clinical studies investigating interactions between drugs and oral contraceptives.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] pill use may have implications for both current and future generations.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] a review of the literature indicates that there is a slight delay in the return of fertility in pill users but no permanent impairment results.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] oral contraceptive users' risk of accidental pregnancy may be higher than it should be, because of inconsistent pill-taking.

Does taking the birth control pill adversely affect mate choice? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] this study shows no negative impact of a levonorgestrel-containing oral contraceptive on overall sexual function, although three of seven sexual function domains were adversely affected. |||

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] ecological studies show that sun or ultraviolet (uv) exposure have inverse associations with blood pressure (bp) and cardiovascular disease (cvd).

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] although exposure to ultraviolet light is often viewed as pathogenic owing to its role in the genesis of skin cancer and skin aging, there is growing epidemiological evidence that such exposure may decrease risk for a number of more serious cancers, may have a favorable impact on blood pressure and vascular health, and may help to prevent certain autoimmune disorders - in addition to its well-known influence on bone density.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] exposure to sunlight may limit cardiometabolic risk.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] previous studies have shown that ultraviolet light can lead to the release of nitric oxide from the skin and decrease blood pressure.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] an hypothesis is put forward that uv radiation, by increasing body levels of vitamin d, protects against cvd by decreasing the risk of thrombus formation.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] there are considerable data to suggest that protection from solar ultraviolet (uv) radiation will reduce the risk of acute and chronic skin damage in humans.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] this review has identified a small body of evidence that suggests sun exposure protects against high bp and cvd, but further research is required to determine if this is independent of vitamin d.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] recent findings suggest that ultraviolet (uv) radiation exposure may reduce risk of developing non-hodgkin lymphoma (nhl), but the biologic basis for this relationship remains unclear.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] contractile responses of arteries that had been exposed to uv light were significantly reduced on days, 1, 7 and 14.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] these results suggest that the long-term effect of uv light is an attenuation of smooth muscle contractility without impairment of endothelial function.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] (2014) show that uva decreases blood pressure and increases blood flow and heart rate in humans, which is beneficial to the cardiovascular system.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in our previous studies, regular exposure to sub-erythemal (non-burning) ultraviolet radiation (uvr) reduced signs of adiposity and cardiometabolic dysfunction in mice fed a high-fat diet.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] we therefore studied the long-term effects of uv using rat carotid arteries treated with uv-b light (wavelength = 313 nm, total energy = 14 mj/mm2).

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] however, it remains unknown whether uvb irradiation prevents an immunoinflammatory disease of arteries such as atherosclerosis.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] here, we investigated whether whole body exposure to visible blue light can also decrease blood pressure and increase endothelial function in healthy subjects.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the relationship of ischaemic heart disease (ihd) to seasonal and latitude variation has prompted speculation that exposure to the ultraviolet component of solar radiation may reduce ihd risk.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] these results suggest that there may be a number of benefits achieved by regular exposure to safe (non-burning) levels of sunlight or uv-containing phototherapy, with effects potentially dependent on the predominance of the wavelengths of uvr administered.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] several studies have shown that uv irradiation may be effective for preventing vascular restenosis or vasopasm.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the ultraviolet (uv) portion of sunlight is involved in the induction and development of skin cancers against which a limited photoprotection may be provided by reduced time of exposure, clothing, and sunscreen applications.

Does UV light reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] here, we show that uvb exposure inhibits the development and progression of atherosclerosis in atherosclerosis-prone mice by expanding and enhancing the functional capacity of cd4+ forkhead box p3+ regulatory t cells and regulating proatherogenic t-cell responses. |||

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] the iud is a convenient and effective contraceptive option for many women.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] the intrauterine contraceptive device (iud) is a highly effective and safe form of reversible contraception.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] modern intrauterine devices (iuds) provide effective, safe and long-term contraception and could be recommended to most women.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] copper-containing and hormonal intrauterine devices (iud) are long-acting, highly effective contraceptive methods.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] the copper intrauterine device is the most effective form of emergency contraception and can also provide long-term contraception.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] the levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine device (lng iud) provides excellent contraception; it may reduce the rate of pelvic inflammatory disease (pid) and ectopic pregnancy compared to other 'modern' copper releasing iuds; it can safely be used in the puerperium for breast-feeding mothers, and it significantly reduces menstrual blood loss and pain.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] an intrauterine contraceptive device (iud) is a long acting, highly effective, economic and reversible method of contraception used worldwide.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] the contraceptive efficacy of intrauterine devices (iud) is thought to relate to the position of the iud in the uterine cavity.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] this paper reviews the evidence supporting the safety and efficacy of available methods of contraception for cancer survivors and concludes that the copper t380a intrauterine device (iud), a highly effective, reversible, long-acting, hormone-free method should be considered a first-line contraceptive option for women with a history of a hormonally mediated cancer.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] although the levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine device (lng-iud) is one of the most reliable methods of contraception, it is associated with an increased risk of ectopic pregnancy in case of unintended pregnancy.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] does the efficacy of placing a copper intrauterine device (iud) for emergency contraception (ec) to prevent pregnancy depend on menstrual cycle timing and timing of unprotected intercourse (upi)?

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] the cu-iud is more effective for ec than hormonal pills but remains underused, possibly because of lack of knowledge or interest.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] over 1 year, the copper intrauterine device is currently the most cost-effective emergency contraception option.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] the intrauterine device (iud), primarily in the form of the copper iud, is used by more than 150 million women around the world, making it the most widely used reversible method of contraception.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] it is concluded from this study that copper-t is a highly effective method of contraception than cu 375 iucd with good patient acceptance and lesser side effects.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] of emergency contraceptive methods available in the united states, the copper intrauterine device has the highest efficacy, followed by ulipristal acetate, levonorgestrel-containing emergency contraceptive pills, and the yuzpe method.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] the intrauterine device (iud) and intrauterine system (ius) are widely used forms of long-acting reversible contraception.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] over 50% were aware that the cu-iud is hormone-free and may be used for long-term contraception.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] however, the levonorgestrel-containing iud may be preferable for women being treated with tamoxifen and women who have survived non-hormonally mediated cancers.

Is the Gynefix® contraceptive necklace as effective for contraception as the birth control pill or the "IUD"? [SEP] a greater understanding of the benefits and limitations of these two contraceptive options will assist women's health care providers to better meet the family planning needs of their patients. |||

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] coenzyme q10 (coq10), which has both energizing and anti-oxidative effects, is also reported to have antiaging action, e.g., reducing the area of facial wrinkles.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] coenzyme q10 (coq10) acts as an antioxidant in the skin and is frequently contained in anti-aging products.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] coenzyme q(10)  (coq(10) ) is a well-known antioxidant and has been used in many skincare products for anti-ageing purpose.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] here, it is shown that topical q10 treatment is beneficial with regard to effective q10 replenishment, augmentation of cellular energy metabolism, and antioxidant effects.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] coenzyme q10 (coq10) has been widely used in topical and cosmeceutical products due to its cutaneous antioxidant and energizer effects.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] it has been claimed that coenzyme q10 (q10) would be an effective plasma antioxidant since it can regenerate plasma vitamin e. to test separate effects and interaction between q10 and vitamin e in the change of plasma concentrations and in the antioxidative efficiency, we carried out a double-masked, double-blind clinical trial in 40 subjects with mild hypercholesterolemia undergoing statin treatment.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] coenzyme q10 (coq10) is an important antioxidant used in medicine, dietary supplements, and cosmetic applications.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] moreover, the results demonstrated that stressed skin benefits from the topical q10 treatment by reduction of free radicals and an increase in antioxidant capacity.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] coenzyme q10 supplementation energizes the body and increases body energy production in the form of atp and helps to treat various human diseases such as cardiomyopathy, muscular dystrophy, periodontal disease, etc.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] the beneficial effect of coenzyme q10 (coq10) on human health occurs through various mechanisms including the possibility of immunomodulation.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] in recent in vivo investigations, cosmetically applied coq10 has demonstrated its ability to reduce photoaging, with a corresponding decrease in wrinkle depth.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] application of q10-containing formulas significantly increased the levels of this quinone on the skin surface.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] incubation of cultured human keratinocytes with q10 concentrations equivalent to treated skin showed a significant augmentation of energy metabolism.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] coenzyme q10 (coq10) is an endogenous cellular antioxidant that is used as a nutritional supplement and for medicinal purposes.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] coenzyme q10 (coq10) is an antioxidant substance indicated as a dietary supplement which has been proposed as adjuvant in the treatment of cardiovascular disorders and cancer for its protective and immunostimulating activities.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] coenzyme q(10) (coq(10)) is widely consumed as a dietary supplement to enhance bioenergetic capacity and to ameliorate the debilitative effects of the aging process or certain pathological conditions.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] ubiquinone (coenzyme q10, q10) represents an endogenously synthesized lipid-soluble antioxidant which is crucial for cellular energy production but is diminished with age and under the influence of external stress factors in human skin.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] coq10 (ubiquinone, coenzyme q10) and carotenoids are popular antioxidants used in many skin care products to protect the skin from free radical damage.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] coenzyme q10 (coq10) is used by the body as an endogenous antioxidant.

Can coenzyme Q10 lead to a rejuvenation of the skin's appearance? [SEP] our objective was to investigate the effects of 12 weeks of daily supplementation with 50 and 150 mg of coq10 on skin parameters and condition. |||

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] an important concern is the potential impact of chemotherapy on the developing fetus.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] chemotherapy administered during first trimester of pregnancy results in increased congenital malformations (7.5 - 17% compared to 4.1 - 6.9% background risk), whereas normal rates are found during second or third trimester.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] the authors review the available literature on neonatal and long-term outcome of children prenatally exposed to chemotherapy.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] introduction cancers during pregnancy can be treated with chemotherapy after the first trimester but the treatment is associated with smaller placentas and an increased risk of stillbirth, fetal growth retardation and preterm delivery.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] chemotherapy given during pregnancy is associated with several maternal-fetal complications, including risks for mutagenicity, myelosuppression, and fetal death.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] the risk of fetal malformations when chemotherapy is administered during the second and third trimesters is probably not greater than the background rate.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] chemotherapy administration in the first trimester is generally not recommended due the potential risks to the fetus including fetal death and major congenital malformations.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] when chemotherapy is used during embryogenesis, there is an increased rate of spontaneous abortions and major birth defects.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] systemic antineoplastic chemotherapy given to a pregnant women at this time may involve fetal risk of abortion, death, stunting, malformation, and systemic toxicity.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] however, investigators caution that fetal damage, including genetic impairment resulting from chemotherapy throughout pregnancy, may ot appear until much later in life.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] chemotherapy during pregnancy carries the risk of teratogenic effects on the fetus, and there is little data to guide chemotherapeutic regimens for leukemia during pregnancy.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] the decision to use chemotherapy significantly impacts the pregnancy, and in turn the pregnancy may affect the treatment options available to patients with cancer.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] during pregnancy, the need for maternal chemotherapy for breast carcinoma must be balanced against the fetal risk because modification of cancer therapy to assure the birth of a healthy infant may affect maternal prognosis adversely.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] pregnancy during cancer treatment is strongly discouraged, as radiotherapy and chemotherapy administered during the first trimester of pregnancy result in increased congenital malformations.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] chemotherapy may be indicated for the treatment of cancer during pregnancy.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] it is still unclear whether these late adverse effects also arise if a child is exposed to chemotherapy in utero.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] due to the increasing incidence of cancer during pregnancy, the need to better understand long-term outcome after prenatal exposure to chemo- and/or radiotherapy has become more urgent.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] cancer treatment during childhood may lead to late adverse effects, such as reduced musculoskeletal development or vascular, endocrine and pulmonary dysfunction, which in turn may have an adverse effect on later pregnancy and childbirth.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] exposure of the fetus to transplacental chemotherapy must be considered when evaluating therapy options and timing of delivery in hematologic malignancies diagnosed during pregnancy.

Is there an increased risk of long-term effects on the unborn child with chemotherapy starting in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy? [SEP] two pregnancies that were exposed to chemotherapy during the first trimester resulted in spontaneous abortion. |||

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] although a mortality reduction can be achieved by early detection of prostate cancer, patients and physicians must be aware of the current side effects of screening.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] early detection of prostate cancer through screening seems to provide the best hope of control or possibly cure of the disease.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] to date, there have been no randomised clinical trials which have demonstrated that screening for prostate cancer reduces mortality or increases life expectancy.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] prostate cancer screening with prostate specific antigen reduces prostate cancer mortality but leads to over diagnosis of indolent prostate cancer.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] prostate-specific antigen (psa) screening reduces prostate cancer deaths but leads to harm from overdiagnosis and overtreatment.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] biennial psa screening reduces the risk of being diagnosed with metastatic prostate cancer, the first prerequisite for achieving decreased cancer mortality in younger men.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] the aim of the present report is to evaluate whether psa-based screening reduces the risk of being diagnosed with metastatic prostate cancer.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] the best evidence from screening trials suggests a small but finite benefit from prostate cancer screening in terms of prostate cancer-specific mortality, about 1 fewer prostate cancer death per 1000 men screened over 10 years.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] the benefit of prostate-cancer screening compares favourably to other cancer screening programs.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] the benefits of population-based prostate cancer screening are the detection of clinically important prostate cancers at an early, still curable, stage and the subsequent reduction of prostate cancer-specific mortality.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] the implementation of prostate-specific antigen (psa) screening has coincided with a decrease in mortality rate from prostate cancer at the cost of overtreatment.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] the objective of the study is to see if screening with psa decreases mortality from prostate cancer.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] the european randomised study of screening for prostate cancer (erspc) showed that prostate-specific antigen (psa) based screening results in a significant prostate cancer mortality reduction.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] there is no available evidence from randomized trials that early detection of prostate cancer improves health outcomes, but the prostate-specific antigen (psa) test is commonly used to screen men for prostate cancer.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] more than any other cancer, prostate cancer screening with the prostate-specific antigen (psa) tests increases the risk a man will have to face a diagnosis of prostate cancer.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] a contemporary review of literature with respect to low-risk prostate cancer and active surveillance was conducted.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] this article reviews current research into active surveillance in favourable-risk disease and some of the issues that arise when prostate cancer is monitored rather than being treated immediately.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] with the widespread acceptance of prostate-specific antigen screening, a greater proportion of men are being diagnosed with clinically localized prostate cancer.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] randomized controlled trials are currently conducted to assess whether the mortality from prostate cancer is reduced by early detection with the use of prostate-specific antigen (psa) measurements in serum.

Can regular screening significantly reduce the risk of dying from prostate cancer? [SEP] however, several recent reports have demonstrated that the death rate from prostate cancer is decreasing, representing the most compelling validation for aggressive screening. |||

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] this literature review showed a high diagnostic accuracy for sentinel node biopsy in detecting positive lymph nodes in prostate cancer, but further studies are needed to explore the effect of sentinel node biopsy on complications and oncologic outcome.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] the objective was to determine whether intraoperative sentinel-node detection with a simplified protocol can accurately determine lymph-node stage in prostate cancer patients.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] lymph node status is an important determinant for the management of patients with newly diagnosed prostate cancer.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] in cases of positive sentinel nodes extended lymph node dissection should be performed since tumor cells are also detectable in nonsentinel lymph nodes.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] to investigate how many men with low-risk prostate cancer had positive lymph nodes detected by radio-guided surgery and whether they had a higher biochemical relapse rate after radical prostatectomy, because in such patients most urologists dispense with operative lymph node staging, as nomograms indicate only a low percentage of lymph node metastases.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] the higher the preoperative prostate specific antigen, pathological stage and grade, the greater the percent of men with positive sentinel and nonsentinel lymph nodes (p<0.001).

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] the aim of this article is to update on the role of salvage pelvic lymph node dissection (slnd) for patients with lymph node-only recurrent prostate cancer (pca) after radical prostatectomy.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] eighty-eight consecutive patients with clinically localized prostate cancer who underwent pelvic lymph node dissection prior to radical prostatectomy during the period between 1985 and 1998 were analyzed.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] to evaluate the outcomes of radical prostatectomy (rp) and pelvic lymph node dissection (plnd) for clinically organ confined prostate cancer (cap) with regional lymph node metastases (pn1) treated in the era of prostate-specific antigen (psa) screening.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] when deciding on pelvic lymph node dissection, sentinel or extended lymphadenectomy should be performed since more than half of patients have positive nodes outside of the region of standard lymphadenectomy.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] it has utility in staging, disease prognosis, and treatment in certain men because early dissection of involved lymph nodes improves survival.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] in men with prostate specific antigen 20 ng/ml or less and biopsy gleason score 7 or less only sentinel nodes were removed.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] identification of early nodal recurrence after primary prostate cancer (pca) treatment by functional imaging may guide metastasis-directed therapy such as salvage lymph node dissection (slnd).

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] the fewer number of men with lymph node metastases at initial presentation has altered patterns of pelvic lymphadenectomy before definitive treatment.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] the incidence of unsuspected lymph node metastasis seems to be decreasing in the prostate-specific antigen (psa) era.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] the survival results of total prostatectomy for well-selected nodules of prostatic cancer are excellent without preliminary lymphadenectomy.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] when dissecting pelvic lymph nodes, extended or sentinel lymphadenectomy should be preferred.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] given the significant limitations of cross-sectional and functional preoperative imaging in the detection of small metastases, pelvic lymph node dissection remains the only reliable staging method in clinically localized prostate cancer.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] with more vigilant screening for prostate cancer, there has been an associated increase in patients with little or no residual cancer at radical prostatectomy after an initial diagnosis of minute cancer on needle biopsy.

Does removal and examination of the first lymph nodes after the prostate is affected by cancer (sentinel lymph nodes or sentinel lymph nodes) improve the chances of cure? (Reader Inquiry) [SEP] we determined the incidence of positive pelvic lymph nodes in men undergoing radical retropubic prostatectomy and describe the correlation with prostate specific antigen, histological grade and stage. |||

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] the effects of singing bowls on human health were investigated in four peer-reviewed studies, one of which investigated patients with metastatic cancer, and another those with chronic spinal pain.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] studies of any intervention predominantly involving singing bowls (e.g.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] the objective of this study was to determine the human health effects (beneficial or adverse) of any singing bowl therapies.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] as the evidence suggests positive health effects, we recommend that future studies consider the effect of singing bowl therapies using more robust study methods, allowing for evidence-based recommendations to be made to reduce the disease burden.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] playing singing bowls, listening to singing bowls) were eligible for inclusion.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] findings suggest that singing and painting interventions may reduce pain and improve mood, quality of life, and cognition in patients with mild ad, with differential effects of painting for depression and singing for memory performance.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] among non-pharmacological therapies, musical intervention is often used for patients with alzheimer's disease (ad) and patients presenting chronic pain.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] our aim was to determine the efficacy of choral singing versus painting sessions on chronic pain, mood, quality of life, and cognition in ad patients.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] both singing and painting interventions led to significant pain reduction (time effect: f = 4.71; p = 0.01), reduced anxiety (time effect: f = 10.74; p < 0.0001), improved quality of life (time effect: f = 6.79; p = 0.002), improved digit span (f = 12.93; p = 0.001), and inhibitory processes (time effect: f = 4.93; p = 0.03).

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] moderate singing activities and breathing exercises seem to be helpful in avoiding reflux symptoms such as heartburn and acid regurgitation.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] given there were few studies and the potential risk of methodological bias, we cannot recommend singing bowl therapies at this stage.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] abdominal muscle support is essential for singing.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] pilot data suggest online group singing for people with copd may deliver benefits related to reducing depression and improved balance confidence.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] this indicates that this music therapy approach applied in an initial stage of tinnitus can make an important contribution towards preventing tinnitus from becoming a chronic condition.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] forty-six patients were randomly assigned to receive analgesics and fiber supplement alone (control patients) or a twice-daily sitz bath along with identical fiber and analgesics (sitz bath group).

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] in the present study a music therapeutic intervention according to the 'heidelberg model' was evaluated as a complementary treatment option for patients with acute tinnitus whom medical treatment only brought minimal or no improvement.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] the influence of singing activities and breathing exercises on the presence of gastroesophageal reflux disease (gerd) symptoms is not clear.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] the results provide the first evidence that singing and rhythmic speech may be similarly effective in the treatment of non-fluent aphasia.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] the device that has been developed has restored his ability to support singing and has improved respiratory function substantially.

Can a treatment with singing bowls relieve pain? [SEP] singing for lung health (slh) is a popular arts-in-health activity for people with long-term respiratory conditions. |||

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] saliva rapid point of care hiv tests have proven advantages over blood-based hiv tests in terms of quality, rapidity and convenience.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] these results support previous data showing that in some situations saliva might be an effective alternative to serum for hiv testing.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] our field observations demonstrate that blood-based and oral-fluid-based hivst are both practicable approaches with a high and comparable rate of accuracy in the study setting.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] saliva samples can be used as a substitute to serum/whole blood for hiv testing.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] therefore, saliva has been recommended as a non invasive, safe and effective alternative to serum, for hiv antibody testing.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] the rate of correct interpretation of the hiv self-test results was 84.4% with the blood test versus 83.8% with the oral-fluid test (difference = 0.6; 95% ci: -0.2 to 1.7; p = 0.425).

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] results from this study demonstrate the utility and acceptability of the rapid finger-stick test for hiv antibody among women in northern thailand.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] our study demonstrates that 'whole saliva' specimens are a good alternative to blood samples in epidemiological studies of hiv prevalence in high-risk groups.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] the practicability and accuracy of and the preference for the capillary blood self-test (exacto test hiv) versus the oral fluid self-test (oraquick hiv self-test) were compared among untrained individuals in the democratic republic of the congo (drc).

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] the anti-hiv test strip methodology for whole blood and saliva specimens is rapid, reliable and easy to perform and interpret.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] research is underway to develop a low-cost saliva assay, thus saliva could become the hiv antibody testing medium of choice for much of the developing countries.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] to evaluate the use of saliva specimens for the detection of hiv antibodies among high-risk groups in epidemiological studies.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] the rate of successful performance of the hiv self-tests was high, with the blood test (99.6%) and the oral-fluid test (99.4%) yielding an absolute difference of 0.2% (95% ci: -1.8 to 1.1; p = 0.568).

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] we conclude that hiv-1 antibody testing of saliva samples collected with this device and tested by this eia is of sufficient sensitivity and specificity to make this protocol useful in epidemiological studies.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] although whole blood rapid hiv testing has a greater sensitivity and specificity compared with oral fluid (of) testing, patients prefer hiv testing using of specimen collection.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] this study was performed to determine the feasibility of using saliva as a diagnostic medium for the detection of antibodies to human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (hiv-1) and hiv-2 under nonlaboratory conditions and to evaluate the performance characteristics of such a test.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] this study was performed to evaluate the performance of a saliva collection device (omnisal) and an enzyme-linked immunoassay (eia) designed for use on serum samples (detect hiv1/2) to detect human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (hiv-1) antibodies in the saliva of high-risk women in mombasa, kenya.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] the introduction of a rapid hiv test using a saliva sample in 2004 made immediate results possible in community-based settings.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] although use of rapid hiv antibody tests of finger-stick blood specimens could expand voluntary counseling and testing in areas where fear of venipuncture and delays in learning test results are barriers, there is little information on performance and acceptability of these tests in asia.

Is the HIV saliva self-test, which is about to be approved in the U.S., as reliable as a laboratory test or a rapid test at the doctor's office? [SEP] the united states fda approved an over-the-counter hiv self-test, to facilitate increased hiv testing and earlier linkage to care. |||

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] religion and spirituality have the ability to promote or damage mental health.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] recent research has suggested that religion may play an important role in determining mental health.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] studies indicate that religion and spirituality can promote mental health through positive religious coping, community and support, and positive beliefs.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] this article reviews recent advances in the domain of psychiatry and religion that highlight the double-edged capacity of religion to enhance or damage health and well-being, particularly among psychiatric patients.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] it is well documented that religion has an impact on mental health of both healthy people and mental health patients.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] this article reviews recent research into the capacity of religion and spirituality to benefit or harm the mental health of believers.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] although previous research suggests that increased religiosity is associated with better mental health and many authors have conjectured that religion-based social support may help explain this connection, scant research has directly examined whether religion-based support mediates religiosity and mental health.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] several investigations show that religious participation is related with better outcomes for persons who are recovering from physical and mental illness, also the psychology science have committed special issues to positive correlations between religious belief and practice, mental and physical health and longevity.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] as a part of human spirituality, religion has been theorized to influence the health of the individual, both positively and negatively.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] a recent systematic review of research on religion and health has found a consistent relationship between religion and better mental health as well as greater social support.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] there has been increased interest in the relationship between religion and spirituality and mental health in recent years.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] the question, 'does religion (or spirituality) cause physical health benefits?'

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] religion has been shown to have a positive impact on well-being and to play an important role in coping with stressful life events.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] the present study examined whether various dimensions of religion-based support (social interaction, instrumental, and emotional) mediated the relationship between religiosity and mental health in college students in the midwest united states.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] this article reviews the major empirical data on religion and mental health that are pertinent to nursing.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] however, a growing body of evidence indicates an association between mental health and various religious activities, both private and public.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] we can conclude that religious views have an influence on sexual functioning and sexual self-perception of patients suffering from depression and schizophrenia and also healthy individuals.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] a significant relation between religion and better health has been demonstrated in a variety of healthy and patient populations.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] admittedly, religion frequently plays a role in psychopathology.

Does religion promote mental health? [SEP] research also shows that religion and spirituality can be damaging to mental health by means of negative religious coping, misunderstanding and miscommunication, and negative beliefs. |||

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] the purpose of this study is to investigate long-term radiological and clinical outcomes of brace treatment, comparing to those of the natural history or surgical treatment.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] the purpose of this review is to answer the question whether there are studies on the use of brace treatment in patients with scoliosis and pain and to investigate whether brace treatment does positively influence chronic pain.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] the more often the patients wear their braces to the prescribed tightness as well as the prescribed length of wear each day, the better the treatment outcome.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] a clinical test is demonstrated to predict the most beneficial approach in brace treatment.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] some clinical studies have shown efficacy of brace treatment is correlated to how the brace has been worn.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] though helpful and important, braces do not ensure against reinjury.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] we aimed to clarify and compare the preventive effect of the different brace treatments on the deformity of the vertebral body and other clinical results in this patient cohort.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] brace treatment has served as a vital non-surgical procedure for immature adolescent idiopathic scoliosis (ais) patients with a mild or moderate curve.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] such a system could improve the quality of brace wear-making the treatment more effective and refining our understanding of the three-pressure-point brace treatment concept during daily activities.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] there is good evidence to support the use of some braces and splints; others are used because of subjective reports from patients, relatively low cost, and few adverse effects, despite limited data on their effectiveness.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] most of the ling-term follow-up study of brace treatment showed initial improvement with use of the brace, slight improvement compared with the original curve at the time of the brace discontinuation, and an additional loss of correction at the time of the follow-up.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] braces and splints can be useful for acute injuries, chronic conditions, and the prevention of injury.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] clinicians have believed braces improve the outcome of acl reconstruction by improving extension, decreasing pain and graft strain, and providing protection from excessive force.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] patients using a brace will have superior outcomes than those using a sleeve.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] brace treatment is effective even in the long-term for the treatment of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] a discrete choice experiment was designed in which patients had to choose between hypothetical brace treatment profiles that differed in following 4 treatment attributes: effectiveness, visibility, discomfort, and treatment duration.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] these results are important if rcts would conclusively establish that bracing is effective, and show directions for the further technical development of braces to increase the compliance with brace treatment.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] a smart brace has been developed to control the brace wear tightness with the expectation that appropriately worn braces will improve outcomes.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] however, the main question posted here is how to improve the efficiency of braces to control the scoliotic curve or to decrease its progression.

Do braces treatments have preventive medical benefits in addition to aesthetic ones? [SEP] insight into patients' preferences for (characteristics of) brace treatment will be useful for future trials and for the development of braces that may optimize compliance with brace treatment. |||

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] to assess whether the combination of a diphtheria, tetanus and pertussis vaccine with a haemophilus influenzae type b conjugate vaccine (prp-t) had any effect on immunogenicity or safety compared with separate administration of the vaccines, 158 infants were randomized to receive the vaccines either in association or as a combination at 2, 4, and 6 months of age.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] to study the safety and immunogenicity of a combined diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis (dtp)-haemophilus influenzae type b (hboc) vaccine (tetramune) in infants as young as 2 months of age as compared to separate administration of dtp and hboc.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] to describe the immune response of preterm infants to combined diphtheria/tetanus/5 component acellular pertussis-haemophilus influenzae type b inactivated polio vaccine (dt5ap-hib-ipv) and meningococcal serogroup c conjugate vaccine (mcc) under accelerated schedule.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] healthy infants were randomized to receive a combination dtpa-hepb vaccine (diphtheria and tetanus toxoids, acellular pertussis antigens and hepatitis b surface antigen), concomitantly with type b and oral poliovirus vaccines at 2, 4 and 6 months of age (group 1) or hepb vaccine given at birth, 1 month and 6 months of age and dtpa, type b and oral poliovirus vaccines given at 2, 4 and 6 months of age (group 2).

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] we assessed in young infants the safety and immunogenicity of two tetravalent vaccines containing pneumococcal 6b, 14, 19f and 23f polysaccharides conjugated to either tetanus toxoid (pnc-t) or diphtheria toxoid (pnc-d).

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] a pentavalent combination vaccine, including a lyophilized haemophilus influenzae type b-tetanus toxoid conjugate vaccine reconstituted with a liquid diphtheria, tetanus, acellular pertussis (pertussis toxoid and filamentous hemagglutinin) and inactivated polio vaccine (dtap-ipv/act-hib; pasteur mérieux connaught, lyon, france) was administered to 236 swedish infants either at 2, 4 and 6 months or at 3 and 5 months, and a booster dose was administered 7 months after the last primary dose.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] these results support the co-administration of dtap-ipv, mmr, and v vaccines in 4-6-year-old children, providing protection against multiple diseases in a timely and efficient manner.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] the objective of this study was to evaluate the immune response and reactogenicity of a combined hepatitis b, diphtheria, tetanus and whole-cell bordetella pertussis (dtpw-hbv) vaccine administered to healthy infants at 2, 4 and 6 months of age.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of diphtheria-tetanus toxoids-acellular pertussis (dtpa)-hepatitis b (hepb) combination vaccine given at 2, 4 and 6 months of age compared with monovalent hepb vaccine given at birth, 1 month and 6 months of age and dtpa vaccine given at 2, 4 and 6 months of age.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] in a comparative trial, 94 preterm infants between 24 and 36 weeks (mean +/- sd gestational age: 31.05 +/- 3.45 weeks; mean birth weight: 1420 +/- 600 g) and a control group of 92 full-term infants were enrolled to receive 3 doses of a dtpa-hbv-ipv/hib vaccine at 2, 4, and 6 months.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] healthy infants, aged 46-74days (n=350), were randomised in a ratio of 1:1 to receive dtap-ipv-hb-prp-t vaccine at two, three and four months, either with a menc vaccine co-administered at two and four months (group 1; n=175) or without menc vaccine (group 2; n=175).

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] the aim of the study was to evaluate the immunogenicity and reactogenicity of a hexavalent diphtheria-tetanus-acellular pertussis-hepatitis b virus-inactivated polio and haemophilus influenzae type b (dtpa-hbv-ipv/hib) vaccine in preterm infants.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] premature children are at increased risk of complications from vaccine-preventable diseases and should be vaccinated with the routinely recommended childhood vaccines at the same chronological age as full-term infants with the exception of the hepatitis b vaccine for infants of hbsag-positive mothers.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] this study assessed the immunogenicity and safety of a pentavalent combination vaccine containing diphtheria, tetanus, acellular pertussis, inactivated poliovirus, and conjugated-hib polysaccharide antigens, [(dtap-ipv//prp-t (pentaxim)], as a booster at 18-19 months of age.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] the use of such a combined vaccine reduces the number of injections given to young infants by half and is an important step toward improving vaccine delivery.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] vaccination against pertussis during pregnancy is recommended to protect newborns, yet there is limited information about the effectiveness of maternal tetanus toxoid, reduced diphtheria toxoid, acellular pertussis (tdap) vaccine before the first infant dose of diphtheria, tetanus and acellular pertussis (dtap) vaccine and during the first year of life in infants who have received dtap.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] in an open randomized study we compared the safety and immunogenicity of two schedules for priming and booster vaccinations of infants.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] the safety, immunogenicity of this tetravalent vaccine was demonstrated when it was administered in infants following the 0, 2, 4-month dosing schedule.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] the diphtheria, tetanus, acellular pertussis (dtap) vaccine is recommended for infants beginning at age 2 months, and influenza vaccine is recommended for infants aged ≥6 months.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of vaccinating infants simultaneously with the usual six-dose vaccine (against diphtheria, tetanus, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, and Haemophilus influenzae B) and a pneumococcal vaccine? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] participants had received primary doses of the same vaccine at 2, 4 and 6 months of age. |||

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] to evaluate the effects of laptop computers connected to local area networks wirelessly (wi-fi) on human spermatozoa.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] we speculate that keeping a laptop connected wirelessly to the internet on the lap near the testes may result in decreased male fertility.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] ex vivo exposure of human spermatozoa to a wireless internet-connected laptop decreased motility and induced dna fragmentation by a nonthermal effect.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] donor sperm samples, mostly normozoospermic, exposed ex vivo during 4 hours to a wireless internet-connected laptop showed a significant decrease in progressive sperm motility and an increase in sperm dna fragmentation.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] when it is placed on the lap, not only the heat from a laptop computer can warm men's scrotums, the electromagnetic fields generated by laptop's internal electronic circuits as well as the wi-fi radiofrequency radiation hazards (in a wi-fi connected laptop) may decrease sperm quality.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] to assess whether exposure to computers harms the semen quality of healthy young men.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] our own studies as well as the studies performed by other researchers indicate that using laptop computers on the lap adversely affects the male reproductive health.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] to our knowledge, this is the first study to evaluate the direct impact of laptop use on human spermatozoa.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] one sperm aliquot (experimental) from each patient was exposed to an internet-connected laptop by wi-fi for 4 hours, whereas the second aliquot (unexposed) was used as control, incubated under identical conditions without being exposed to the laptop.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] exposure to computers was not found to be a risk factor for inferior semen quality after adjusting for potential confounders, including abstinence days, testicle size, occupation, history of exposure to toxic substances.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] the present study did not find that healthy men exposed to computers had inferior semen quality.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] laptop computer use may lead to the development of health problems.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] millions of men, especially those in the reproductive age, are frequently using their laptop computers on the lap (thigh).

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] females were more likely than males to use a laptop on a bed with the computer positioned on their lap or with their legs crossed (p < 0.05).

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] this study investigated the configurations in which laptops are used and the prevalence of musculoskeletal discomfort associated with laptop use in a survey of college students.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] sex differences exist in both choice of configurations and musculoskeletal discomfort associated with laptop use.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] over 53% of participants reported experiencing musculoskeletal discomfort while using a laptop computer, with females reporting a higher prevalence of neck discomfort (p = 0.05) and shoulder discomfort (p = 0.006) than males.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] based on research showing that men prefer to use the internet for information gathering and entertainment, while women prefer to use the internet for interpersonal communication, this study examined the effects of internet use when both males and females engaged in the same activity.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] these patterns of laptop use can be used to inform future work on the impact of technology use on discomfort.

Does the use of laptops with active WLAN (wireless internet access) affect sperm quality in men? [SEP] a significant proportion of college students report experiencing musculoskeletal discomfort associated with laptop computer use. |||

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] recent epidemiological studies have found a correlation between circulating phthalate levels and type 2 diabetes, whereas animal studies indicate that phthalates are capable of disrupting endocrine signaling.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] epidemiologic studies suggest phthalate metabolite concentrations are associated with type 2 diabetes.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] human exposure to phthalates is ubiquitous and has received considerable attention due to their association with adverse health outcomes, including type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2dm).

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggest a positive relationship between phthalate exposure and diabetes.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] this study indicates that exposure to phthalates gives rise to a brief interference of glucose homeostasis but has little impact on the development of type 2 diabetes and atherosclerosis in apoe(-/-) mice.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] phthalate plasticizers used in a wide range of common plastic products are released into the environment and may pose a risk of increased incidence of type 2 diabetes.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] epidemiological studies have associated serum or urinary phthalate metabolites with the prevalence of type 2 diabetes or related phenotypes.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] bisphenol a (bpa) and phthalates are common environmental contaminants that have been proposed to influence incidence and development of types 1 and 2 diabetes.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] the most frequently occurring phthalate, di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (dehp), causes adverse effects on glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity in several cell models and epidemiological studies.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] however, direct evidence supporting a causal role for exposure to phthalates in type 2 diabetes is lacking.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] our study suggests that human exposure to phthalates is associated with increased oxidative stress which mediates the development of t2dm.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] phthalates are suspected to act as endocrine modulators in humans and exert reproductive toxicity.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] insulin tolerance test on non-fasted mice 3 weeks after treatment revealed that phthalate had little influence on insulin sensitivity though phthalate-treated mice had a higher glucose concentration (159.2 ± 6.0 vs. 145.2 ± 3.6 mg/dl; p = 0.086).

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] two weeks after treatment, phthalate-exposed mice had significantly higher fasting blood glucose level (97.9 ± 2.1 vs. 84.3 ± 5.3 mg/dl, p = 0.034) and exhibited a trend of increased glucose intolerance compared to control mice.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggest that phthalate exposure is associated with development or worsening of allergic diseases such as asthma.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] however, little is known about the impact of dibutyl phthalate (dbp) exposure on the development of diabetes.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] to determine the potential influence of phthalates on glucose homeostasis and atherosclerosis, female apolipoprotein e-deficient (apoe(-/-)) mice were started at 6 weeks of age on a western diet together with or without bis-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] little is known about phthalates and gdm risk factors (i.e.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] phthalate exposure may induce reproductive toxicity, liver damage, and carcinogenesis in humans.

Can phthalates cause diabetes? [SEP] higher exposure to mono-ethyl phthalate, a metabolite of the parent compound of di-ethyl phthalate, may be associated with excessive gwg and impaired glucose tolerance; higher di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate was associated with reduced odds of impaired glucose tolerance. |||

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] the use of five-aminolevulinic acid (5-ala) in the staining of malignant glioma cells has significantly improved intraoperative radicality in the resection of gliomas in the last decade.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] in recent years, 5- aminolevulinic acid (ala)-induced fluorescence has been used by neurosurgeons to good effect in increasing the rate of complete resection.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] surgery guided by 5-aminolevulinic acid (ala) fluorescence has become a valuable adjunct in the resection of malignant intracranial gliomas.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] object there is evidence that 5-aminolevulinic acid (ala) facilitates greater extent of resection and improves 6-month progression-free survival in patients with high-grade gliomas.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] fluorescence-guided resection with 5-aminolevulinic acid has been shown to be useful in the resection of certain brain tumors other than high grade gliomas, facilitating the intraoperative differentiation of neoplastic tissue.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] 5-aminolevulinic acid (5-ala) fluorescence-guided surgery is widely used for detection and planning of resection of malignant gliomas and other brain tumors.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] resection guided by 5-aminolevulinic acid (5-ala) fluorescence has proved to be useful in intracranial glioma surgery.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] five- aminolevulinic acid-derived fluorescence is widely used for the resection of malignant gliomas, but its role in pcnsl surgery remains unclear.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] 5-aminolevulinic acid (5-ala) is the current fda-approved standard for intraoperative brain tumor visualization.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] 5-aminolevulinic acid (5-ala) induced fluorescence is useful in guiding glioma resection.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] five-aminolevulinic-acid (5-ala) is known for its benefits in surgery of primary gliomas, but has only been cautiously used in recurrent gliomas dreading over-resection, insufficient or false-positive fluorescence in adjuvantly treated tumors.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] with the introduction of the 5-aminolevulinic acid (5-ala) technique, surgical neuro-oncology has made a major advance.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] as for the surgical treatment of glioma, the recent employment of fluorescence-guided resection using 5-aminolevulinic acid (5-ala) or high-dose fluorescein sodium has increased the rate of radical tumor resection.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] the use of 5-aminolevulinic acid (5-ala) has been recognized to increase the extent of tumor resection.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] approximately 20% of low-grade gliomas (lgg) display visible protoporphyrin fluorescence during surgery after 5-aminolevulinic acid (5-ala) administration.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] although 5-aminolevulinic acid (5-ala)-induced tumor fluorescence is a strategy that can improve eor in gliomas, only glioblastomas routinely fluoresce following 5-ala administration.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] fluorescence-guided resection with 5-aminolevulinic acid (5-ala), which has shown promising results in the resection of malignant gliomas, has been used for meningioma resection in an attempt to more clearly delineate the tumor margin.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] to evaluate what factors affect the intraoperative fluorescence after administration of 5-ala in gliomas.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] the advantages of 5-aminolevulinacid (5-ala)-induced fluorescence-guided surgery in meningiomas are increasingly discussed.

Does staining brain tumors with the dye aminolevulinic acid before surgery help patients survive longer? [SEP] the randomized phase iii 5-aminolevulinic acid (ala) study investigated 5-ala-induced fluorescence as a tool for improving resections. |||

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] increased exercise capacity is associated with lower mortality risk, but little is known about its effects in prehypertensives.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] although it is recognized that moderate intensity long-term exercise can decrease the chances of dying from cardiovascular disease by favorably modifying risk factors such as hypertension, obesity, hyperlipidemia, and insulin resistance, physical activity also enhances longevity by mechanisms independent of these risk factors.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] exercise is effective in both preventing and treating coronary artery disease (cad).

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] a strong, inverse and graded association between exercise capacity and all-cause mortality was observed in prehypertensive individuals.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] thus, we evaluated the association between exercise capacity and all-cause mortality in prehypertensives.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] exercise is becoming more widely used to prevent and treat the diseases that are most prevalent in the united states: coronary artery disease, stroke, hypertension, diabetes, arthritis, osteoporosis, dyslipidemia, obesity, depression, cancer, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] prevention of sudden cardiac arrest/death and disease progression has traditionally been the primary basis for determining exercise recommendations for those with underlying cardiovascular disease.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] our objective is to assess the beneficial and harmful effects of adding exercise to usual care for people with hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and/or cardiovascular disease.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] this paper reviews the supportive evidence for this stance as well as the role of exercise in managing the major chd risk factors of atherogenic serum lipids, hypertension, and obesity.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] exercise improves cardiovascular efficiency and, in combination with other measures such as medication use, diet changes, and smoking cessation, may arrest or reverse atherosclerosis.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] physical exercise is an effective lifestyle intervention to reduce the risk factors for cardiovascular disease and also to improve cardiac function and survival in patients with ischemic heart disease.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] when executed properly, exercise can maintain and improve health and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, obesity, and diabetes.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] exercise may prevent or reduce the effects of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases, including arterial hypertension.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] exercise is universally known to benefit health by lowering risk for cardiovascular disease and mortality.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] exercise is one of the commonly recommended interventions/preventions for hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in developed nations, and there is a clear link between cardiovascular disease and physical inactivity.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] although there are limited clinical data to support the use of exercise training as a means to reduce mortality and morbidity in patients with heart failure, current guidelines state that exercise is beneficial.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] to date, limited treatment options exist for the treatment of heart failure, but exercise has been well-established as one of the few safe and effective interventions, leading to improved outcomes in patients.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] recognition of exercise as a lifestyle behavior is addressed and recommendations for prescribing exercise for adults interested in preventing chd are presented.

Can exercise prevent premature deaths from heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and pre-diabetes as effectively as medication? [SEP] however, in patients with pre-existing cardiac conditions, including channelopathies, cardiomyopathies and coronary artery disease, exercise can cause sudden cardiac death (scd). |||

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] hangover may be alleviated by altering the rate of alcohol metabolism and facilitating elimination of acetaldehyde by affecting the activity of alcohol dehydrogenase (adh) and/or aldehyde dehydrogenase (aldh) enzymes.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] further, an anti-hangover (aho) product was developed using pear (65%), sweet lime (25%) and coconut water (10%) and, validated for in vitro adh and aldh enzyme activities.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] it has been reported to increase blood alcohol concentrations in drinking individuals.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] previous studies have reported that cimetidine, an h2-receptor antagonist used to treat gastric and duodenal ulcers, can inhibit alcohol dehydrogenases (adhs) and ethanol metabolism.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] the protective effect of a single dose of ethanol with regard to hepatotoxicity caused by acetaminophen (apap) can be a consequence of either direct or indirect inhibition of apap oxidation to its hepatotoxic intermediate (n-acetyl-p-benzoquinoneimine, napqi), or augmentation of repair mechanisms following the hepatotoxic insult.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] alcohol consumption often leads to hangover, a condition characterized by several symptoms, characteristically headache, nausea, fatigue and drowsiness.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] we propose a new method for the therapy of alcoholism based on maintenance of homeostasis of endogenous ethanol and inhibition of alcohol dehydrogenase with emetine.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] studies showed no correlation between adh and aldh enzyme activities and antioxidant property of the selected food commodities for anti-hangover effect.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] in the present study, we revealed that the appropriate dose of ethanol reduced atherosclerotic plaque formation, and upregulated aldh2 expression and activity in apoe-/- mice.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] it has been reported that administering fenofibrate to high-drinking rats increases hepatic catalase levels and blood acetaldehyde after administering ethanol and a 60-70% inhibition of voluntary alcohol intake.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] inhibition of aldh2 has hence become a possible strategy to treat alcoholism.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] thus, these results suggest that the appropriate dose of ethanol has protective effects against endothelial senescence and atherosclerosis by activating aldh2.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] dar sensitivity was consistently reduced and dat efficiency was enhanced in sip-alcohol-experienced dat+/+ mice when compared with naïve animals.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] the anti-alcoholism drug disulfiram (antabuse), which is an inhibitor of aldehyde dehydrogenase, induces an aversive reaction to alcohol consumption and thereby helps patients reduce alcohol intake.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] this result suggests that direct inhibition of cytochrome p450 by ethanol plays a role in the protection against acetaminophen-induced hepatotoxicity in mice.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 (aldh2), a key enzyme for detoxification the ethanol metabolite acetaldehyde, is recognized as a promising therapeutic target to treat alcohol use disorders (auds).

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] the studies show that treatment with fenofibrate not only increased the activity of catalase in the liver of alcohol-drinking rats, as reported earlier, but also increased the levels and enzymatic activity of adh1, while aldh2 remained unchanged.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] to determine if this increase could be due to inhibition of alcohol dehydrogenase activity, the effect of the drug on ethanol oxidation by gastric sigma sigma alcohol dehydrogenase and liver beta 2 beta 2, pi pi, and chi chi alcohol dehydrogenase isoenzymes was observed.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] emetine normalized activity of alcohol dehydrogenase and suppressed pathological alcohol addiction.

Can taking the enzyme diamino oxidase prevent alcohol-related hangover symptoms? [SEP] the alcohol aversion therapy drug disulfiram has been shown to inhibit hepatic aldehyde dehydrogenase (aldh), one of the key enzymes involved in ethanol metabolism. |||

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] the solar radiation promotes color fading of natural and dyed hair by free radical generation, which oxidize the pigments, and it has been proposed the incorporation of antioxidants in order to reduce the alterations of hair color.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] the pomegranate extract at 5.0% and 10.0%w/w was effective in preventing the hair color fading in 37.6% and 60.8%, respectively, but the association of hydroalcoholic extract and non-ionic silicone emulsion is not encouraged.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] considering the conditions which the tresses have been exposed, it was concluded that the pomegranate extract at 10.0% w/w in hair care formulations are effective in reducing color fading of red dyed hair.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] the oxidation product of (+)-catechin, catechinone, was invented as a safer dyestuff for hair colouring under such the situation.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] therefore, topical formulations which have antioxidant effect could reduce aging level.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] enhanced levels of catalase (up to 80%) did not prolong the life span of flies, nor did they provide improved protection against oxidative stress induced by hyperoxia or paraquat treatment.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] catalase is an antioxidant enzyme that has been shown to inhibit apoptotic or necrotic neuronal death induced by hydrogen peroxide.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] hair care formulations containing pomegranate extract were applied to red dyed hair tresses, and these were exposed to uva radiation.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] catalase is a scavenger of hydrogen peroxide and presumably protects against the cytolytic effects of reactive oxygen metabolites.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] evidence implicating oxidative stress in the pathogenesis of age-related macular degeneration suggests that antioxidant therapy could play a role in preventing its progression.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] however, its reducing function can in some settings initiate an oxidation cascade, i.e., seem to be a "pro-oxidant."

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] it is generally believed that prophylactic intake of antioxidants is beneficial in delaying the onset of some aging manifestations such as cataract.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] oxygen free radicals and hydroperoxides have been postulated to play a causal role in the aging process, implying that antioxidant enzymes may act as longevity determinants.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] since the formation of cataract is a well-defined progressive disease, starting with an early refractive change and leading to gradual enhancement of opacification, we hypothesized that even a belated start with an appropriate anti-oxidant could halt the pathological process and delay cataract maturation and vision impairment.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] a novel hair dyeing technique being milder and safer for a human body is desired.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] several studies have suggested that antioxidants retard the process of cataractogenesis by scavenging free oxygen radicals.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] cosmeceuticals containing antioxidants are among the most popular antiaging remedies.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] antioxidants have been found to be quite successful in deterring certain disease processes for years, especially cancer.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] furthermore, our results suggest caution in attributing the cytoprotective effects of some catalase preparations to catalase.

Can an anti-oxidant such as pseudocatalase stop or reverse hair graying? [SEP] catalase (h2o2:h2o2 oxidoreductase; ec1.11.1.6) is the sole enzyme involved in the elimination of h2o2 in drosophila melanogaster; glutathione peroxidase being absent. |||

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] our data suggest, however, that sexual activity can lead to partial or complete relief of headache in some migraine and a few cluster headache patients.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] in contrast, some case reports in the literature suggest that sexual activity during a migraine or cluster headache attack might relieve the pain in at least some patients.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] we asked for experience with sexual activity during a headache attack and its impact on headache intensity.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] headache associated with sexual activity is a well-known primary headache disorder.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] in migraine, 34% of the patients had experience with sexual activity during an attack; out of these patients, 60% reported an improvement of their migraine attack (70% of them reported moderate to complete relief) and 33% reported worsening.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] in cluster headache, 31% of the patients had experience with sexual activity during an attack; out of these patients, 37% reported an improvement of their cluster headache attack (91% of them reported moderate to complete relief) and 50% reported worsening.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] headache associated with sexual activity is an idiopathic headache disorder and regarded to be a vascular headache but no pathophysiological studies have been performed to date to elucidate the underlying mechanisms.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] headache related with sexual activity (has) is a rare benign headache disorder.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] however, occasionally sexual headaches can result from more sinister causes.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] specifically, there has been an expanding interest in the treatment of headaches and their relationship to sexual function.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] some patients, in particular male migraine patients, even used sexual activity as a therapeutic tool.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] the literature on sexually related headaches is reviewed, and classification, evaluation, differential diagnosis, pathophysiology, differential diagnosis, and treatment of sexual headaches are discussed.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] clinical investigations on sexuality in 16 headache sufferers, according to some studies showing correlations between idiopathic headache and sexual behavior, were performed.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] the cause of headaches related to sexual activity range from the benign to the life-threatening.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] increased intracranial pressure secondary to a valsalva maneuver during orgasm has been proposed as a possible mechanism for orgasmic headache.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] most sexual side effects associated with headache treatment are benign and can be managed with reassurance or changes in medication regimens.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] a sexual headache or coital cephalgia is a headache associated with sexual activity and is a well-recognised condition.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] this study aimed to compare the sexual function of women who have primary headaches in order to investigate the relationship between sexual dysfunction and the features of headaches.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] a case is reported in which a patient with sexual and orgasmic headaches was treated successfully with a calcium channel blocker, diltiazem.

Can sexual activity relieve headaches? [SEP] patients with sexual headache showed a significantly higher increase of blood pressure during standardized physical exercise as compared to healthy subjects and migraine patients. |||

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation is a promising neuromodulation method for treating depression.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) is a promising intervention for major depression.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] there is growing evidence that transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) may be an effective treatment for depression.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) is a promising therapy for major depression treatment, although little is known of its effects in ameliorating distinct symptoms of depression.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) has emerged as a promising new treatment for major depression.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) has recently garnered attention as a putative depression treatment.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) is a promising tool for the treatment of depression and the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlpfc) is often targeted when exploring tdcs effects on mood.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] recently, transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) is getting an attentions as a promising technique with a capability of noninvasive and nonconvulsive stimulation to treat ill conditions of the brain such as depression.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] our aim was to evaluate whether one single section of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs), a neuromodulatory technique that noninvasively modifies cortical excitability, could induce acute changes in the negative attentional bias in patients with major depression.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] the most common stimulation technique, transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs), has been used for causal investigations of brain and cognitive functioning, and to treat psychiatric conditions such as depression.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) may improve cognitive symptoms in mdd.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) is a neuromodulation technique that has been increasingly used over the past decade in the treatment of neurological and psychiatric disorders such as stroke and depression.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] a treatment for depression, chronic pain, cravings, and more--this is the emerging field of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs).

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation is a noninvasive brain stimulation technique in which a weak current is applied through the scalp to produce changes in neuronal excitability in the underlying cerebral tissue.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) is a promising brain modulation technique for several disease conditions.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) is a neuromodulatory technique for neuropsychiatric diseases and neurological disorders.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] recent double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trials suggest that tdcs may be efficacious in the treatment of depression.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] several clinical studies suggest that tdcs may have clinically meaningful efficacy in the treatment of depression.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] we investigated, in a subsample of the randomized, clinical trial escitalopram versus electrical direct current therapy for depression study (elect-tdcs), whether the volumes of left and right prefrontal cortex (pfc) and anterior cingulate cortex (acc) were associated with prefrontal tdcs response.

Does transcranial direct current stimulation help against severe depression? [SEP] tdcs in patients with depressive disorders has been proven to be an interesting therapeutic method potentially influencing pathologic mood states. |||

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] to assess whether the clinical results in patients undergoing surgery for contralateral recurrent disc herniation may be as good as those reported after primary discectomy.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] although surgery is often recommended as the definitive treatment for radiculopathy when definite disc herniation is demonstrated with imaging techniques, complete improvement can occur with nonoperative treatment.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] the aim of the present study is to evaluate and compare the effectiveness of surgical and nonsurgical treatment in two trials - including disc herniation and spondylosis, respectively, and to evaluate factors that contribute to better decision making.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] both med and open discectomy can effectively improve single-segment lumbar disc herniation, but med is associated with less trauma, less bleeding, and a lower incidence of complications.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] there is fair quality evidence that conservative discectomy will result in a higher incidence of recurrent disc herniation.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] lumbar disc removal is currently the standard treatment for lumbar disc herniation.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] the effects of disc herniation morphology and preoperative variables on subsequent clinical outcome were determined with the student t test for continuous variables and chi-square analysis for categorical variables.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] to explore the surgical techniques of transforaminal endoscopic discectomy in treating central disc herniation and the clinical outcome based on 2-year follow-up.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] it remains unknown whether aggressive disc removal with curettage versus conservative removal of a disc fragment with little disc invasion provides a better outcome for the treatment of lumbar disc herniation with radiculopathy.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] we reviewed the literature to determine whether outcomes reported after limited discectomy (ld) differed from those reported after aggressive discectomy (ad) with regard to long-term back pain or recurrent disc herniation.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] however, systematic review of the literature suggests that conservative discectomy may result in shorter operative time, quicker return to work, and a decreased incidence of long-term recurrent low back pain but with an increased incidence of recurrent disc herniation.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] the prevailing percutaneous treatment options for herniated non-contained lumbar discs have not reliably achieved the same good results as the conventional microsurgical techniques.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] the purpose of the present study was to determine if competence of the disc anulus and the type of herniation could be used to predict postoperative clinical outcomes following lumbar discectomy.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] the application of novel surgical techniques can help improve the safety and efficacy of transforaminal endoscopic discectomy in treating central disc herniations.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] we report the first prospective study in subjects with proven radiculopathy and definite disc herniation who improve with nonoperative management to determine what occurs to the herniated disc material.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] it remains unknown whether aggressive disc removal with curettage or limited removal of disc fragment alone with little disc invasion provides a better outcome for the treatment of lumbar disc herniation with radiculopathy.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] although open laminotomy remains an acceptable and, at times, necessary method of treatment for herniated intervertebral discs, spinal stenosis, and various intracanal spinal disorders, arthroscopic disc surgery is emerging as an alternative method of treatment for contained and nonmigrated sequestered herniated discs.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] clinical results in patients reoperated on for contralateral recurrent lumbar disc herniation compare favorably with those reported after primary discectomy.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to compare the outcome of revision lumbar discectomy with that of primary discectomy in the same cohort of patients who had both the primary and the recurrent herniation at the same level and side.a retrospective analysis of prospectively gathered data was undertaken in 30 patients who had undergone both primary and revision surgery for late recurrent lumbar disc herniation.

Is the success of conventional treatment of a herniated disc equivalent to that of disc surgery? [SEP] operative time, return to work status, recurrent disc herniation, self-reported, and functional measures assessed less than 2 years (short term) and greater than 2 years (long term) after surgery. |||

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] for example, multiple studies have found that habitual sleeping pill usage is related to death from cancer, suggesting that sleep derangement may increase cancer mortality.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] disrupted sleep has been associated with increased risk of certain cancers.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] proper sleep is associated with reduced cancer risk.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] sedative drug use is associated with a small but significant increase in mortality risk.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] alterations in endocrine function, perhaps abnormal cortisol metabolism resulting from deranged sleep, may be in part responsible for the increased all-cancer mortality we report here.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] the serious problem of long-term prescription to medication can lead to a higher mortality rate of insomniac patients.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] a deviant habitual sleep duration, sleep complaints, frequent napping and snoring have all been suggested as potential risk factors for future coronary heart disease.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] however, other studies have not found a definite connection between sleep and cancer deaths.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] however, little is known about how habitual sleep duration (a known cardiometabolic risk factor) may affect the relationship between cancer and diabetes.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] the most important risks of hypnotics include excess mortality (especially overdose deaths, quiet deaths at night, and suicides), infections, cancer, depression, automobile crashes, falls, other accidents, and hypnotic-withdrawal insomnia.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] although widely used in the general population, sleeping pills and minor tranquilizers, also known as antianxiety agents, have been associated with undesirable outcomes.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] the authors' results suggest sleep duration as a novel risk factor for colorectal neoplasia.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] self-reported sleep disturbances may confer elevated risk for suicidal ideation, suicide attempts, and death.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] it was hypothesized that anxiolytic and hypnotic drug use would be associated with an elevated mortality hazard.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] amid fears about the medicalisation of old age, the high prevalence of sleeping medication use in older cohorts is a significant public health concern.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] data were analyzed to assess the moderating effect of short and long sleep durations on cancer and diabetes mellitus.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] our results indicate that poor subjective sleep quality is associated with increased risk for death by suicide 10 years later, even after adjustment for depressive symptoms.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] the association of insufficient sleep every day in the preceding 30 days with all-cancer mortality was significant (p = 0.017), independent of the percentage obese (p < 0.001), and unrelated to percentage white population (p = 0.847).

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] shorter duration of sleep significantly increases risk of colorectal adenomas.

Does regular use of sleeping pills promote the risk of death or cancer? [SEP] controlling for depressive symptoms, baseline self-reported sleep quality was associated with increased risk for death by suicide (or, 1.30; 95% ci, 1.04-1.63; p < .05). |||

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] in children, time spent outdoors has a protective effect against myopia development.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] recent epidemiologic studies have shown that children who spend a higher proportion of time outdoors are less likely to develop myopia.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] additional time spent outdoors across the 3 to 9 years age range was associated with a reduced incidence of myopia between ages 10 and 15 years.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] recent epidemiological evidence in children indicates that time spent outdoors is protective against myopia.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] from 3 years of age onward, greater time outdoors was associated with a reduced risk of incident myopia.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] there are some limited reports based on questionnaire data that suggest that outdoor activity decreases the risk of myopia in children and may offset the myopia risk associated with prolonged nearwork.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] exposure to sunlight has recently been postulated as responsible for the effect that more time spent outdoors protects children from myopia, while early life exposure to natural light was reported to be possibly related to onset of myopia during childhood.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] the current literature suggests that there is a link between myopia protection and spending time outdoors in children.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] time outdoors during childhood is negatively associated with incident myopia.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] recent epidemiological evidence suggests that children who spend more time outdoors are less likely to be, or to become myopic, irrespective of how much near work they do, or whether their parents are myopic.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] a significant protective effect of outdoor time was found for incident myopia (clinical trials: risk ratio (rr) = 0.536, 95% confidence interval (ci) = 0.338 to 0.850; longitudinal cohort studies: rr = 0.574, 95% ci = 0.395 to 0.834) and prevalent myopia (cross-sectional studies: or = 0.964, 95% ci = 0.945 to 0.982).

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] our meta-analyses assess the benefit of outdoor activities on myopia onset and myopic shift among school-aged children reported in prospective intervention studies.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] time spent outdoors was predictive of incident myopia independently of physical activity level.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] increased time outdoors is effective in preventing the onset of myopia as well as in slowing the myopic shift in refractive error.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] according to research data from 13 studies of 15,081 children aged 4-14 at baseline, outdoor light exposure significantly reduced myopia incidence/prevalence (odds ratio [or] = 0.85, 95% confidence interval [ci]: 0.80-0.91, p < 0.00001; i2 = 90%), spherical equivalent refractive error (ser) by 0.15 d/year (0.09-0.27, p < 0.0001), and axial elongation by 0.08 mm/year (-0.14 to -0.02, p = 0.02).

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] outdoor time is considered to reduce the risk of developing myopia.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] more time outdoors is associated with a lesser risk of myopia, but the underlying mechanism is unclear.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to investigate the reduced risk of myopia development, myopic shift, and axial elongation with more outdoor activity time among school-aged children.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] irrespective of the mechanisms involved, clinical trials are now underway to reduce the development of myopia in children by increasing the amount of time they spend outdoors.

Does increased time outdoors inhibit myopia in children? [SEP] time spent in "sports/outdoor activity" has shown a negative association with incident myopia during childhood. |||

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] we determined if long-term use of household sprays and scented products at home was associated with reduced heart rate variability (hrv), a marker of autonomic cardiac dysfunction.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] in predominantly older adult women, long-term frequent use of household spray and scented products was associated with reduced hrv, which suggests an increased risk of cardiovascular health hazards.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] spray cleaning and disinfection products have been associated with adverse respiratory effects in professional cleaners and among residents doing domestic cleaning.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] household cleaning products are associated with adverse respiratory health outcomes, but the cardiovascular health effects are largely unknown.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] this review combines information about use of spray products from epidemiological and clinical studies, in vivo and in vitro toxicological studies of cleaning chemicals, as well as human and field exposure studies.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] use of spray products can cause adverse health effects.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] an adverse role of frequent domestic use of cleaning agents, especially in spray form, on asthma has been reported.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] we recorded 24-hr electrocardiograms in a cross-sectional survey of 581 swiss adults, ≥ 50 years of age, who answered a detailed questionnaire regarding their use of household cleaning products in their homes.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] cleaning tasks may imply exposure to chemical agents with potential harmful effects to the respiratory system, and increased risk of asthma and respiratory symptoms among professional cleaners and in persons cleaning at home has been reported.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] air fresheners contain various chemicals that may or may not be harmful to human health and the environment.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] mixing of certain cleaning products can produce corrosive airborne chemicals.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] commercial spray products are commonly used in daily life and airborne particles generated by these products may cause adverse health effects.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] thus, the use of cleaning sprays can result in chemical airway exposure, with particles in the relevant size range for both nasal and alveolar deposition.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] cleaning products potentially give rise to simultaneous exposures to different chemical substances.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] it is known that sprays produce an aerosol that can expose the respiratory system to chemicals.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] chemical substances present in cleaning products could be responsible for these effects.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] this report describes three cases of death involving hfc-152a inhalation with spray cleaner under different circumstances.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] although the gas produced by mixing cleaning products in the home can cause severe respiratory irritation, most of the patients exposed to chlorine and chloramine gas can safely be treated at home with comfort measures.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] we hypothesized that chemical substances present in cleaning products are known health hazardous substances that might be involved in adverse health effects of the skin and the respiratory tract.

Do household cleaners and room fresheners in spray form cause damage to the heart? [SEP] a growing number of studies have identified cleaners as a group at risk for adverse health effects of the skin and the respiratory tract. |||

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] exercise is increasingly being used as a treatment for alcohol use disorders (aud), but the interactive effects of alcohol and exercise on the brain remain largely unexplored.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] exercise based treatment for alcohol use disorders have shown an impact on mental health (e.g., depression or anxiety), and alcohol outcomes (e.g., craving or abstinence).

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] there is certain evidence that physical exercise positively affects excessive alcohol use and the associated problems by leading to reduced alcohol intake.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] acute single bouts of moderate-intensity exercise may help individuals with alcohol dependence manage mood, anxiety, and craving thereby reducing relapse risk, but further research is needed with a more rigorous study design.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] the current study examined the acute effects of exercise on changes in mood, anxiety, and craving from pre- to post-exercise at each week of a 12-week moderate intensity exercise intervention with sedentary alcohol dependent adults.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] in the present study, we investigated whether binge alcohol would attenuate the effects of subsequent exercise on glia.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] this study suggested that forced exercise can be useful as adjunct therapy in alcoholism patient and also can be effective in modulation of pain threshold reduction that was induced by alcohol dependency.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] exercise is constantly gaining attention as adjuvant treatment for alcohol use disorder (aud), supplementing classical pharmacological and psychotherapeutic approaches.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] exercise has numerous physical and mental health benefits, and data suggest that students who engage in exercise regularly are less likely to drink heavily.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] it has also been previously suggested that exercise can help individuals with alcohol use disorders reduce their alcohol intake; however, research in this field is limited.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] this study provides provisional support for a change in mood, anxiety and alcohol cravings for the role of exercise in the early recovery period for alcohol dependence.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] six of those studies concluded that exercise may have a positive impact towards alcohol consumption, abstinence rates or the urge to drink.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] conclusions/importance: physical activity was positively associated with being in 12-month remission from alcohol use problems.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] for this purpose, a total of 17 heavy drinkers [age, 31.6±3.2 years; body mass index (bmi), 27.4±0.8 kg/m2; experimental group (eg)] and 17 controls [age, 33.5±1.3 years; bmi, 26.1±1.4 kg/m2; control group (cg), who did not exceed moderate alcohol consumption], underwent one trial of acute exercise of moderate intensity (50-60% of the heart rate reserve) for 30 min on a cycle ergometer, following an overnight fast, and abstaining from smoking and alcohol consumption.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] the purpose of the present study was to evaluate the effect of an exercise training program that has been previously reported to decrease alcohol consumption on blood redox status in heavy drinkers.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] moderate, acute alcohol consumption after eccentric exercise has been shown to magnify the muscular weakness that is typically associated with exercise-induced muscle damage (eimd).

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] the aim of this study was to evaluation the effects of forced exercise in the management of alcohol dependence and pain perception alteration which induced by alcoholism.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] we focused on the medial prefrontal cortex (mpfc), an alcohol-vulnerable region that also undergoes neuroplastic changes in response to exercise.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] exercise correlates with alcohol use, but the nature of this relation and the extent to which it is maladaptive remains unclear.

Can exercise improve mental performance impaired by alcohol consumption? [SEP] therefore, consumption of moderate amounts of alcohol after damaging exercise magnifies the loss of force associated with strenuous eccentric exercise. |||

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] combining triptans with nsaid and other agents for the acute treatment of migraine suggests better outcome efficacy measures than the use of single agents.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] combining triptans with nsaid and other agents for the acute treatment of migraine suggests better outcome efficacy measures than the use of single agents.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] patients suffering from migraine or tension-type headache (tth) often treat their complaints with over-the-counter (otc) medications.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] in the treatment of migraine and tension-type headache, the combination of asa, acetaminophen, and caffeine has been shown to be more efficacious and superior to monotherapy with the single substances of the combination.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] while pharmacotherapy with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatories (nsaids) and tricyclic antidepressants comprises the traditional treatment of tension-type headaches (tth), the use of other therapeutic approaches in combination with medications can increase the success of treatment.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] most of these patients suffer from migraine, tension-type headache, or a combination of the two; they tend to self-medicate using over the counter combination headache preparations, particularly acetylsalicyclic acid (asa) and acetaminophen coformulated with caffeine, which is one of the most commonly used combination analgesics in these patients worldwide.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] recently, the role of combining agents for acute migraine treatment has gained attention and the combination of a triptan plus a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (nsaid) has demonstrated better efficacy.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] recently, the role of combining agents for the acute migraine treatment has gained attention and the combination of a triptan plus a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (nsaid) has demonstrated better efficacy.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] most patients with episodic tension-type headache treat headache episodes with over-the-counter medication.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] these results suggest that a combination of pharmacologic and behavioral treatment is more effective than drug therapy alone in the long-term management of transformed migraine with analgesic overuse.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] the proportion of headache episodes pain-free at 2 h was significantly higher with the triple combination (28.5%) vs. acetaminophen (21.0%) and placebo (18.0%) (p < 0.0001), and similarly for those severe at baseline (20.2% vs. 12.1% and 10.8%; p ≤ 0.0003).

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] sixty-one consecutive patients with transformed migraine and analgesic overuse were treated with inpatient pharmacologic therapy alone or with inpatient pharmacologic therapy combined with biofeedback-assisted relaxation.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] the use of over-the-counter-medication in migraine treatment is commonplace.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] to determine whether combined treatment using medication and biofeedback would be more effective than drug treatment alone for treating transformed migraine complicated by analgesic overuse.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] the combination of acetylsalicylic acid, acetaminophen and caffeine is effective and well tolerated in episodic tension-type headache, and significantly superior to acetaminophen with regard to being pain-free at 2 h, headache response at 2 h and ability to return to daily activities, even in those with pain rated severe at baseline.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] patients with comorbid mood disorders and frequent headaches may particularly benefit from some nonpharmacologic approaches.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] this article focuses on the review of available literature for treating migraine attacks with two or more agents, related patents as well as analyzes the characteristics of the recently approved fixed combination sumatriptan-naproxen.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] this review focuses on the fundamentals of treating migraine attacks with two or more agents, and emphasizes the characteristics of the recently approved fixed combination sumatriptan-naproxen.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] a pubmed search using the terms "migraine", "treatment", "acute", "triptans", "non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs", "sumatriptan", "naproxen", and "combination" was used.

Can over-the-counter combination medications help with tension headache and migraine better than medications containing only single active ingredients? [SEP] the most effective medications for the acute treatment of migraine all have the capacity to induce medication overuse headache (moh). |||

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] hyperthermia, which is a noninvasive treatment that causes tumor cells to become heated and that works in synergy with anticancer drugs and radiation therapy, is emerging as a promising treatment for patients with cancer.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] hyperthermia is used in cancer therapy, however much remains to be discovered regarding its mechanisms of action at the cellular level.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] this subject seems to be worth studying, because hyperthermia can assist cancer therapy.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] regional hyperthermia has potential for human cancer treatment, particularly in combination with systemic chemotherapy or radiotherapy.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] hyperthermia is attractive as a potential adjunctive modality in the treatment of cancer, especially those cancers that are more resistant to conventional modalities.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] hyperthermia (ht) has been used as a possible treatment modality for various types of malignant tumors.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] hyperthermia is used in cancer treatment and potentiates the cytotoxicity of radiation and certain chemotherapy drugs.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] this poses questions about efficacy and optimal strategy for anti-cancer therapy combined with hyperthermia treatment.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] currently, whole-body and local hyperthermia is being evaluated in clinical studies as a potential method of cancer treatment.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] these findings support the use of hyperthermia in a clinical setting for the treatment of human cervical cancer.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] multimodal oncological strategies which combine chemotherapy or radiotherapy with hyperthermia, have a potential of improving the efficacy of the non-surgical methods of cancer treatment.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] in oncology, the term 'hyperthermia' refers to the treatment of malignant diseases by administering heat in various ways.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] these data present new aspects of hyperthermia in cancer treatment, suggesting that hyperthermia can enable tumor stroma provide a sensitizing environment for tumor cells to undergo cell death.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] hyperthermia is a promising treatment for human cervical cancer.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy (hipec) is proposed as a promising treatment method, but fundamental information about the contribution of hyperthermia to intraperitoneal chemotherapy is lacking.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] although the mechanism of hyperthermia in cancer treatment is well-known, there are few or no studies regarding the effect of hyperthermia on the tumor-supportive stroma.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] here, we investigated the effects of hyperthermia-treated mscs on the viability and growth of cancer cells.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] hyperthermia is usually applied as an adjunct to an already established treatment modality (especially radiotherapy and chemotherapy), where tumor temperatures in the range of 40-43 degrees c are aspired.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] hyperthermia, the procedure of raising the temperature of tumor-loaded tissue to 40 degrees -43 degrees c, has been applied to various established cancer treatments.

Does hyperthermia treatment support chemotherapy in fighting cancer? (anonymous request with link to the Standard article) [SEP] hyperthermia is currently used as an alternative to surgery or in combination with chemotherapy and/or radiation therapy in the treatment of oral squamous cell carcinoma. |||

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] there is an association between stress and dementia.

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] objectives: previous studies indicated that stress diagnoses increase the risk of dementia.

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] results support existing evidence of an association between stress and dementia.

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] longstanding psychological stress has been associated with increased risk of neurodegenerative disorders, such as dementia and alzheimer's disease.

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] psychological stress has previously been associated with higher risk of developing late-life dementia, especially alzheimer's disease (ad).

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] in recent decades, biological evidence has implicated chronic stress in the etiology of alzheimer's disease (ad).

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] stress is an important risk factor of alzheimer's disease (ad).

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] adjustment for confounding only slightly attenuated the association, and reverse causation did not appear to bias the results substantially.conclusion: our results support the hypothesis that severe stress in midlife is an important risk factor for dementia.

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] although chronic stress is known to be linked with memory and other neurological disorders, little is known about the relationship between chronic stress and the onset or development of alzheimer's disease (ad).

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] stress may be a risk factor for dementia, however it is unknown whether post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd) symptoms are associated with incident dementia in community-dwelling older individuals.

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] this study provides the first evidence that chronic stress accelerates the onset and severity of cognitive deficits and that these are highly correlated with pathological changes, which thus indicates that chronic stress may be an important contributor to the onset and development of ad.

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] therefore, the main aim of this study was to investigate the association between clinically diagnosed stress in midlife and later dementia risk, while addressing limitations of previous studies.methods: the study population was selected from all individuals in denmark born 1935-1956.

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] this systematic review provided some non-robust, yet suggestive evidence that the above psychosocial types of stress are associated with increased risk of dementia in later life.

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] the primary aim of this systematic review was to explore the association between psychosocial stress and late onset dementia.

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] stress has deleterious effects on brain health and yet, the prognostic value of psychosocial stress regarding the most common types of dementias, including alzheimer disease, is still unclear.

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] chronic stress is a major risk factor for developing alzheimer's disease (ad) and promotes the processing of amyloid precursor protein (app) to β-amyloid (aβ).

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] mid-life psychological stress, psychosocial stress and post-traumatic stress disorder have been shown to cause cognitive dysfunction and lead to increased risk for dementia.

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] epidemiological evidence implies a role for chronic stress and stress-related disorders in the etiopathogenesis of sporadic alzheimer's disease (ad).

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] this study contributes novel information regarding dementia risk across a range of stress responses, and interactions between stress disorders and sex.

Can stress promote dementia? [SEP] an important factor that may affect the severity and time of onset of alzheimer's disease (ad) is chronic stress. |||

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] atopic status of the mother and maternal exposure to environmental factors are associated with increased asthma risk.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] recent evidence demonstrates that pregnant asthmatic women with moderate-to-severe asthma may have an increased risk of adverse perinatal outcomes.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] moreover, animal models demonstrate that exposure to allergens in strongly sensitized mothers influences offspring asthma development, suggesting that in utero exposures can influence offspring asthma.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] the prevalence of asthma in pregnant women appears to be increasing.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] maternal asthma is also associated with increased risk of preeclampsia development.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] pollen contact in early infancy may enhance the risk for subsequent pollen allergy.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] the course of asthma may be adversely altered by gestation, placing the mother and fetus at risk.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] air pollutant exposure is linked with childhood asthma incidence and exacerbations, and maternal exposure to airborne pollutants during pregnancy increases airway hyperreactivity (ahr) in offspring.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] in this study likelihood of a prenatal antigen contact, as a result of inhalation of pollen allergens by the mother, was investigated.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] this article examines the changes in asthma that may occur during pregnancy, with particular reference to asthma exacerbations.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] asthma exacerbations during the first trimester of pregnancy were found to significantly increase the risk of a congenital malformation.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] maternal asthma and preeclampsia have independently been reported to be associated with increased asthma incidence in children of affected mothers.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] this risk was 50% greater for children born to mothers with asthma who developed preeclampsia during pregnancy (adjusted hazard ratio, 2.68; 95% confidence interval, 1.30-5.61).

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] asthma and rhinitis frequently complicate pregnancy.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] the trend in asthma and recurrent wheeze proportions across the maternal groups' children also indicated a higher risk for children born to mothers with asthma with preeclampsia (adjusted hazard ratio, 4.73; 95% confidence interval, 2.20-10.07; p for trend <0.001).

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] mounting evidence suggests that exposure to ambient air pollution is associated with the development of childhood allergic diseases, but the effect of prenatal exposure to air pollution on the risk of childhood asthma and allergy is unclear.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] preeclampsia is associated with increased risk of early life childhood asthma in children less than 3 years old over and above that associated with maternal asthma alone.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] many recent studies indicate that prenatal maternal distress increases the risk of allergic diseases in children.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] worldwide the prevalence of asthma among pregnant women is on the rise, and pregnancy leads to a worsening of asthma for many women.

Does the risk for the unborn child to develop asthma later on increase if the mother is exposed to high pollen concentrations during pregnancy? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate whether asthmatic women who had an exacerbation during the first trimester of pregnancy were more at risk of having a baby with a congenital malformation. |||

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] how women construct the uncertainty of their due dates may have implications for when and how women give birth.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] late preterm children grow faster than children born at term, but they are at increased risk of underweight and stunting in the first two years of life.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] this finding is at variance with the peak months of conception for the population of the united states for the years 1989 through 1993.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] the results suggest that women interpret the uncertainty of their due dates as a reason to wait for birth and as a reason to start the process early; however, information about a baby's brain development in the final weeks of pregnancy may persuade women to remain pregnant longer.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] the mean month of conception was june.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] months of the year were ascribed angle values and the distribution of conceptions per month were grouped in radial manner.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] preterm infants (those born at <37 completed weeks of gestation) are less likely to survive to their first birthday than infants delivered at higher gestational ages, and those who do survive, especially those born at the earlier end of the preterm spectrum, are more likely to suffer long-term disabilities than infants born at term.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] there was a slight excess of preterm deliveries.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] children born at <32 weeks' gestation are at increased risk of intellectual impairment.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] children born extremely premature (<28 weeks) or with a very low birth weight (<1500 g) have a poorer school performance than children born at term with a normal birth weight.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] very and moderately preterm children demonstrated significantly lower working memory scores compared with full-term children (adjusted difference -0.2 to -0.6) and were more likely to be delayed.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] children born from fresh in vitro fertilization (ivf) cycles are at greater risk of being born smaller and earlier, even when limited to singletons; those born from frozen cycles have an increased risk of large-for-gestational age (lga) birthweight (z-score ≥1.28).

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] by its nature, the date that a baby is predicted to be born, or the due date, is uncertain.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] compared with children born at term, reading and spelling difficulties were more often found among children born at gestational age 33 to 36 weeks and 37 to 38 weeks, whereas there was no relation between gestational age and arithmetic difficulties.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] although children born very preterm (gestation <32 weeks) have an increased risk of cognitive impairment compared with full-term children (39-41 weeks), the risk for children born moderately (32-33 weeks) to late preterm (34-36 weeks) and early term (37-38 weeks) is unclear.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] parents of preterm children are more likely to adopt non-optimal parenting behaviors than parents of full-term (ft) children.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] children born moderately preterm (32-35(6/7) weeks' gestation) are at increased risk of both neonatal morbidities and developmental delays in early childhood.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] in the united states as many as 15% of births occur before 39 weeks because of elective inductions or cesarean sections, putting these babies at risk for increased medical problems after birth and later in life.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] infants in the premarital conception group were at increased risk because of maternal youth, primiparity and maternal health behaviour such as smoking.

Are children conceived in May more likely to be born prematurely than children conceived in other months? [SEP] it is unknown whether neonatal morbidities contribute to the increased risk of developmental delay. |||

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] while there is growing evidence that osteopathy is effective in a range of clinical conditions, the underlying biological basis of its therapeutic effects remain largely unknown.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] osteopathy is an increasingly popular health care modality to address pain and function in the musculoskeletal system, organs and the head region, as well as functional somatic syndromes.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] osteopathic medicine is based on a diagnostic and therapeutic system to treat tissue mobility/ motility dysfunctions in general, using different approaches (depending on the target tissue) known as osteopathic manipulative treatment.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] although osteopathic medicine has been well integrated into traditional health care systems in the united states, little is known about the role of osteopathy in traditional health care systems outside the united states.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] osteopathic medicine is a system of manual diagnosis and treatment.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] osteopathic care may support an individual's adaptive capacity, including allostatic regulation and tissue changes in both health and disease.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] though osteoporosis is a significant cause of disability worldwide, treatment with pharmacologic agents decreases risk of fragility fracture.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] osteopathic manipulative treatment has been reported to relieve a variety of conditions, but no studies have examined the outcome effects of osteopathic manipulative treatment as a complementary modality for treating musculoskeletal problems during postoperative recovery.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] despite the value that osteopathic manipulative medicine (omm) may offer to healthcare consumers in a managed care, evidence-based healthcare system, very little research has been published on the cost-effectiveness of osteopathic manipulative treatment compared with other treatment modalities.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] though these treatments act through the bone remodeling system to improve bone mass, it is unclear if they alter the response of bone to mechanical loading at the level of the osteocyte.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] osteopathic manipulative therapy (omth; manipulative care provided by foreign-trained osteopaths) is effective in managing pain caused by a variety of clinical conditions.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] research on the effect of osteopathic manipulative therapy (omth; manipulative care provided by foreign-trained osteopaths) on chronic symptoms of multiple sclerosis (ms) is lacking.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] the conduct of evidence-based osteopathic research is imperative not only for scientific, economic, and professional reasons, but also to drive health care policy and clinical practice guidelines.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] osteopaths, like other health care providers, are under increasing pressure to deliver evidence-based health care and to improve patient outcomes.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] therefore, it is incumbent on the osteopathy community to gather evidence in order to practice scientifically informed effective methods.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] although there is little evidence-based literature regarding osteopathic manipulative treatment for ophthalmic conditions, the general principles and techniques of osteopathic manipulative medicine can be used to manage various ophthalmic pathologic conditions.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] the nature of primary reasons for osteopathic consultations, coupled with documented satisfaction of patients with this approach, suggest a future for multidisciplinary collaborative health care including osteopathy.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] osteopathy is a discipline emphasizing the conservative treatment of the disease in an olistic vision.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] this paper summarizes recent studies in response to the osteopathic research challenge, including clinical trials registered with clinicaltrials.gov and a systematic review and meta-analysis of osteopathic manipulative treatment (omt) for low back pain.

Does osteopathy work? [SEP] the authors conclude that the osteopathic medical profession needs to conduct and publish research that is consistent with current practices in the conventional medical literature. |||

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] numerous manufacturers are marketing topical creams, claiming that they improve or eliminate unwanted fat or cellulite in a short period of time.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] this study failed to support the efficacy of topically applied lipolytic creams in eliminating unwanted fat manifesting as a localized bulge or cellulite presenting as a dimpling of the skin.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] the present article reviews the most important botanical extracts used as active ingredients in the treatment of cellulite, as well as the steps to obtain these botanicals as raw material and their standardization and quality control, which are important to guarantee their therapeutic action.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] this prospective randomized study was conducted to determine whether there is scientific evidence that application of these creams alone can eliminate unwanted fat or cellulite.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] the application of the creams led to substantially increased lipid levels compared to the reference in the lipid-deficient skin in ex vivo study.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] skin disorders are often treated with creams containing various active substances.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to provide evidence of the benefits of a cream and equivalent lotion containing skin lipids in a multi-vesicular emulsion for the management of dry skin.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] topical application of ceramides is reported to improve the structure and texture of the skin.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] moisturizers containing vitamins a and e as well as ceramides are believed to improve the skin condition by increasing the water content of the stratum corneum.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] in these mice, total stratum corneum sterol content is markedly decreased, and topical or systemic repletion with cholesterol can correct the scaling abnormalities.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] cellulite is defined as skin relief alterations that give the skin an orange peel or mattress appearance.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] the efficacy of locobase repair((r)) cream, which improves skin barrier function due to its content of natural skin analogue fats and cholesterol, was investigated.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] application of a formulation containing either a single ceramide or two ceramides and a fatty acid on regenerating sc, resulted in a denser lateral lipid packing of the sc lipids in compromised skin.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] recent studies suggest that supplementing intercellular lipids of the stratum corneum in ageing populations or in people with dry skin can stimulate the functioning of the skin.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] skin cream is commonly used to improve skin health and create a smooth, soft and moist perception by altering the surface roughness, friction, adhesion, elasticity and surface charging of skin surface.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] to determine whether formulations containing ceramides (including a ceramide with a long hydroxyl acyl chain linked to a linoleate, cer eos) and fatty acids are able to repair the skin barrier by normalizing the lipid organization in stratum corneum (sc).

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] skin cream is commonly used to improve skin health and create a smooth, soft, and moist perception by altering the surface roughness, friction, and adhesion of skin surface.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate the effect of lipophilic moisturizers on the stratum corneum (sc) ultra-structure and lipid organization.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] the replenishment of skin lipids depleted in the dry skin state is a desirable therapeutic target to restore skin moisturization; however, there is limited evidence demonstrating the success of this approach through the use of topical emollients.

Do creams with sterol compounds improve the appearance of cellulite skin? [SEP] this work lends support to the reinforcement capacity of two different stratum corneum lipid mixtures (synthetic stratum corneum lipid mixtures, sscl, and internal wool lipid extracts, iwl) formulated as liposomes on healthy skin of two differently aged groups of individuals. |||

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] prophylactic mastectomy reduces the likelihood of developing breast cancer among women at heightened risk for breast cancer, but at significant personal cost.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] women diagnosed with or at high risk for breast cancer increasingly choose prophylactic mastectomy.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] because of the uncertain efficacy of breast cancer screening in women at increased risk of developing breast cancer, bilateral prophylactic oophorectomy and mastectomy are considered management options for high-risk women.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] prophylactic mastectomy has a role in preventing breast cancer in the woman at high risk.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] women at increased breast cancer risk on the basis of hormonal history, family history and/or genetic mutation carrier status may consider bilateral prophylactic mastectomy with or without reconstruction to reduce their cancer risk and/or decrease their chances of cancer mortality.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] in this review, we address the efficacy of prophylactic mastectomy in reducing the risk of breast cancer in high-risk women, the use of this procedure, surgical complications, and its psychosocial impact.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] recent research has demonstrated that prophylactic mastectomy may be effective in preventing breast cancer in high-risk women, as well as those with a known brca1/2 mutation.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] women with a hereditary predisposition for breast cancer have an extremely high risk of developing invasive breast carcinoma, and many women consider prophylactic mastectomy to avoid this risk.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] however, the benefit of prophylactic mastectomy over alternative strategies (surveillance and chemoprevention) remains to be proven.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] prophylactic procedures to prevent disease in women at high risk for breast cancer should be considered only when the benefits of prophylaxis outweigh its costs.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] women with mutations in breast cancer predisposition genes have a significantly higher lifetime risk of developing breast cancer and can opt for risk-reducing mastectomy.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] the decision to undergo prophylactic mastectomy is highly personal and must be preceded by an in-depth assessment of the woman's risk of breast cancer, and a thorough discussion of the benefits of the procedure weighed against its potential surgical risks and psychological impact.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] prophylactic mastectomy, including bilateral prophylactic mastectomy in high-risk women or contralateral prophylactic mastectomy in women with primary breast cancer, has been a controversial clinical option.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] prophylactic mastectomy is an effective strategy to reduce the risk of breast cancer for women carrying a brca1/2 germline mutation.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] more demand for contralateral prophylactic mastectomy is coming from women diagnosed with breast cancer.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] existing data suggest that prophylactic total mastectomy significantly reduces, but does not totally eliminate, the risk of subsequent development of cancer.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] the purpose of this literature review is to provide a practice-oriented summary of recent clinical studies attempting to address the relative risks and benefits of preventive surgery for breast cancer.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] recent advances in understanding the genetic basis of susceptibility to breast cancer and a better identification of the histological factors affecting a woman's lifetime risk of developing breast cancer have contributed to placing prophylactic mastectomy in a proper clinical perspective.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] prophylactic bilateral mastectomy, or preventive removal of the breasts, is an option for women who are at increased risk of developing breast cancer.

For women at high risk of breast cancer, does a precautionary mastectomy make more sense than regular participation in intensive screening? [SEP] we performed a prospective study of breast specimens from 67 women at extremely high genetic risk of breast cancer, with or without previous breast cancer, who were undergoing prophylactic mastectomy (66% were carriers of a brca1 or brca2 mutation). |||

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] tocilizumab is effective in children with systemic-onset juvenile idiopathic arthritis.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] our aim was to study the safety and efficacy of tocilizumab in children with juvenile idiopathic arthritis-associated uveitis refractory to both methotrexate and tnf inhibitors.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] evaluate changes in health-related quality of life (hrqol) and disability in children with systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (sjia) or polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (pjia) treated with tocilizumab.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] tocilizumab (tcz) is a recombinant humanized monoclonal antibody and il-6 receptor antagonist, currently approved for the treatment of systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (sjia) and polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (pjia) in children aged 2 years or older refractory to conventional treatment.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] we investigated the efficacy and safety of tocilizumab, an anti-interleukin-6-receptor monoclonal antibody, in children with this disorder.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] adalimumab therapy seems to be an efficacious option for the treatment of children with juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] this study aimed to investigate radiographic progression in patients with systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (sjia) and patients with polyarticular-course juvenile idiopathic arthritis (pcjia) treated with the anti-interleukin-6 receptor antibody tocilizumab for 2 years in the tender and cherish randomized controlled trials, respectively.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] autoimmune diseases have been associated with some organ non-specific rheumatological disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus; however, few studies have been performed in an extensive cohort of children with juvenile idiopathic arthritis (jia).

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] we evaluated the efficacy and safety of adalimumab, a fully human monoclonal anti-tnf antibody, in children with polyarticular-course juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] systemic-onset juvenile idiopathic arthritis does not always respond to available treatments, including antitumour necrosis factor agents.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] versus arthritis and the national institute for health research clinical research network: children.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] some children with juvenile idiopathic arthritis either do not respond, or are intolerant to, treatment with disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs, including anti-tumour necrosis factor (tnf) drugs.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] the commonest rheumatologic disease that afflicts children is juvenile idiopathic arthritis (jia).

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] tocilizumab treatment was associated with significantly reduced disability and pain and improved hrqol in sjia and pjia patients.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] few clinical trials have investigated the prevention of radiographic progression in children with juvenile idiopathic arthritis treated with antirheumatic drugs.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] juvenile idiopathic arthritis (jia) is the most common rheumatic disease in children.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] arthritis in children may result from many conditions.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] we aimed to assess the safety and efficacy of abatacept, a selective t-cell costimulation modulator, in children with juvenile idiopathic arthritis who had failed previous treatments.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (jra) is the most common rheumatologic disease in children.

Does tocilizumab specifically help children with rheumatoid arthritis (juvenile idiopathic arthritis) ? [SEP] despite this trial not meeting the threshold required to justify a larger phase 3 trial, several patients responded to treatment; as such, tocilzumab might still be a therapeutic option in some children with uveitis refractory to anti-tnf drugs, given the absence of other treatment options. |||

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] in a sample of 20 european nations, the prevalence of the brain parasite toxoplasma gondii was positively associated with national homicide rates, amplifying previous research indicating a positive association of toxoplasma gondii with suicide rates.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] possible mechanisms by which toxoplasma gondii may affect human behavior and it may also cause humans to attempt suicide.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] toxoplasma gondii (t. gondii), a protozoan parasite that persists in host tissues, including brain, has been associated with several psychiatric disorders and with suicidal behavior.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] toxoplasma gondii (t. gondii) a widespread neurotropic parasite, has been previously associated with schizophrenia and more recently with suicidal behavior.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] infection with the protozoan parasite, toxoplasma gondii (t. gondii), has been associated with the increased risk for several psychiatric disorders.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] we investigated the sero-positivity level for anti-toxoplasma igg and igm antibodies by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay in subjects who have attempted to suicide to find out whether there is a probable relationship between t. gondii and suicide attempts.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] subacute and chronic infections with the intracellular protozoan parasite toxoplasma gondii are associated with an increased risk of psychiatric diseases like schizophrenia.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] toxoplasma gondii (tox) is a common parasite which infects approximately one third of the human population.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] toxoplasma gondii is an opportunistic parasite causing life-threatening diseases in immune-compromised patients.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] toxoplasma gondii is an obligate intracellular protozoan parasite widely distributed all over the world.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] in this review, we explore the interactions between toxoplasma and its host, the proposed mechanisms and consequences on neuronal function and mental health, and discuss toxoplasma infection as a public health issue.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] toxoplasma gondii is the causative agent of toxoplasmosis, a parasitic disease with a wide global prevalence.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] toxoplasma gondii (t. gondii) is a neurotropic protozoan parasite that causes persistent infection in humans.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] toxoplasma gondii (t. gondii) is an intracellular parasite infecting one third of the world's population.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] this signifies that there might be a causal relationship between toxoplasmosis and the etiology of suicide attempt.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] we examined the association of toxoplasma-specific immunoglobulin g results with mood disorder outcomes in 7440 respondents from the third national health and nutrition survey, which is a nationally representative sample of the united states noninstitutionalized civilian population.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] toxoplasmosis is an anthropozoonotic widespread disease, caused by the coccidian protozoan parasite toxoplasma gondii.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] toxoplasma gondii (t. gondii) is one of the world's most successful brain parasites.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] toxoplasma gondii is an obligate intracellular parasite that resides, in a latent form, in the human central nervous system.

Does the Toxoplasma gondii parasite affect suicide rates? [SEP] the primary aim was to relate toxoplasma gondii seropositivity and serointensity to scores on the self-rated suicide assessment scale (suas-s). |||

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] the benefits and risks of exemestane for the primary prevention of breast cancer are discussed and compared with other breast cancer chemoprevention therapies.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] a study of 4560 high-risk postmenopausal women taking exemestane 25 mg daily for a median of three years found a 65% relative reduction in the annual occurrence of invasive breast cancer compared with placebo (0.19% versus 0.55%; hazard ratio, 0.35; 95% confidence interval [ci], 0.18-0.70; p = 0.002) and a 53% reduction in invasive plus noninvasive breast cancer (0.35% versus 0.77%; hazard ratio, 0.47; 95% ci, 0.27-0.79; p = 0.04).

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] as an alternative, exemestane, an aromatase inhibitor, has been evaluated for breast cancer prevention in postmenopausal women.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] a relative reduction in risk of breast cancer recurrence or death of 24% has been shown with exemestane compared with tamoxifen when given after 2 to 3 years of tamoxifen.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] exemestane 25 mg daily taken for at least three years is a new option for the prevention of breast cancer in high-risk postmenopausal women.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] exemestane is an orally active steroidal aromatase inhibitor that has demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of postmenopausal patients with advanced breast cancer.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] exemestane (exe) treats estrogen receptor positive (er+) breast cancer in postmenopausal women by inhibiting the estrogen-synthesizing cytochrome p450 cyp19a1.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] exemestane is a third-generation aromatase inhibitor, which has proven to be a useful drug in the treatment of early stage breast cancer.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] patients on exemestane as a group do not appear to have a significantly changed quality of life in comparison to tamoxifen, while having a statistically significant benefit in preventing breast cancer recurrence.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] exemestane is a safe and well-tolerated alternative for the treatment of postmenopausal patients with advanced breast cancer.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] exemestane is effective as a second- or third-line treatment of advanced, estrogen-receptor positive breast cancer in postmenopausal patients.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] exemestane, an aromatase inhibitor, has recently been identified as a potential chemopreventive option with fewer serious side effects compared with selective estrogen receptor modulators in postmenopausal women.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] the steroidal aromatase inactivator exemestane blocks estrogen biosynthesis and is thus employed for the prevention and treatment of breast cancer.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] exemestane, an orally active irreversible inhibitor of aromatase, was recently approved as second-line endocrine therapy of advanced hormone-sensitive postmenopausal breast cancer.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] the mechanism of action, pharmacology, and clinical efficacy and safety of exemestane in the treatment of metastatic breast cancer are reviewed.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] exemestane is a third-generation aromatase inhibitor used in the treatment of estrogen-receptor-positive breast cancer in postmenopausal women.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] exemestane, a non-steroidal aromatase inhibitor that shuts down estrogen synthesis, and paclitaxel, an antineoplastic drug, inhibiting microtubule formation and interfering with the cells potential to proliferate, are well established treatments for metastatic breast cancer.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] exemestane is a potent inhibitor of aromatization reducing estrogen synthesis in vivo by greater than 97%.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to assess the uptake of exemestane in a breast cancer prevention clinic.

Is Exemestane better than other hormone-altering drugs for reducing the risk of breast cancer or treating it? [SEP] the results provide practical implications suggesting that exemestane may have limited impact on breast cancer chemoprevention uptake. |||

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] nomegestrol acetate and 17β-e2 were well tolerated and provided excellent contraceptive efficacy and acceptable cycle control.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] nomegestrol acetate/estradiol is a combined oral contraceptive with approval in many countries.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] in two large, 1-year, randomized, open-label, multicentre, phase iii trials in healthy adult women (aged 18-50 years), nomegestrol acetate/estradiol was at least as effective as drospirenone/ethinylestradiol as contraceptive therapy, as the pregnancy rates in women aged 18-35 years (primary efficacy population) in terms of the pearl index (primary endpoint) were numerically lower with nomegestrol acetate/estradiol, although the between-group difference was not statistically significant.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] to estimate the efficacy, cycle control, tolerability, and safety of a monophasic combined oral contraceptive containing nomegestrol acetate and 17β-estradiol (e2) in comparison with drospirenone and ethinyl e2.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] overall, compared with drospirenone/ethinylestradiol, nomegestrol acetate/estradiol appeared to be associated with less favourable acne-related outcomes, and shorter, lighter or absent periods.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] nomegestrol acetate/estradiol therapy for up to 1 year was generally well tolerated in healthy adult women, with an acceptable tolerability profile in line with that expected for a combined oral contraceptive.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] in a randomized, open-label, comparative multicenter trial, healthy women (n=2,281; age 18-50 years) at risk for pregnancy and in need of contraception were allocated in a 3:1 ratio to receive nomegestrol acetate (2.5 mg) and 17β-e2 (1.5 mg) in a 24-4-day regimen (investigational drug) or drospirenone (3.0 mg) and ethinyl e2 (30 micrograms) in a 21-7-day regimen (comparator) for 13 consecutive, 28-day cycles.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] to compare the effects of two monophasic combined oral contraceptives, containing either nomegestrol acetate/17β-oestradiol (nomac/e2) or levonorgestrel/ ethinylestradiol (lng/ee) on endocrine function, androgens, and sex hormone-binding globulin (shbg).

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] two triphasic oral contraceptives containing either gestodene or norethindrone as the progestogenic compound combined with ethinyl estradiol were compared in a randomized clinical trial to assess their contraceptive reliability, clinical tolerance and cycle control.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] new hormonal contraceptive agents, norelgestromin-ethinyl estradiol patch, etonogestrel-ethinyl estradiol vaginal ring, and medroxyprogesterone-estradiol cypionate injection, were designed to increase compliance and decrease adverse effects while maintaining efficacy.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] this fixed-dose combination tablet contains nomegestrol acetate, a highly selective progestogen, and estradiol, a natural estrogen.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] 17β-estradiol is a naturally-occurring estrogen, and a contraceptive pill containing such an estrogen offers potential benefits with regard to metabolic side effects and adverse events.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] combined oral contraceptives (cocs) containing the progestins--gestodene, desogestrel or norgestimate--were developed to minimize androgenic side effects and are considered an effective, well-tolerated contraceptive option.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] the contraceptive pill containing estradiol valerate and dienogest meets women's requests for: a more natural contraceptive, that is reliable and easy to use, with positive cosmetic effects; less intense and shorter bleeding, reduced anaemia and increased vital energy; reduced dysmenorrhoea and all the specific cycle-related symptoms linked to a drop in oestrogen and the related systemic inflammation, the result of a hormone free interval (hfi) of just two days; with a good impact on sexuality and overall well-being, all associated with a high level of efficacy: (uncorrected pearl index: 0.79; corrected: 0.42).

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] studies indicate that this formulation may be associated with decreased hepatic activation compared to contraceptive pills that contain ethinyl estradiol.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] the new pill containing estradiol valerate and dienogest may satisfy women's need for: a more natural hormonal contraceptive with a low hormone dosage, high reliability and good tolerability; a simple dosing schedule (one pill per day for 28 days); a positive cosmetic effect on the skin; lighter and shorter withdrawal bleeding, improved anaemia, less fatigue and higher vital energy; reduced dysmenorrhoea and a dramatic reduction in all symptoms thanks to a shorter hormone free interval (hfi) of just two days.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] to compare the effects of a monophasic combined oral contraceptive containing nomegestrol acetate/17β-estradiol (nomac/e2) on bone mineral density with a combined oral contraceptive containing levonorgestrel/ethinylestradiol (lng/ee).

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] gestodene achieves contraceptive efficacy with the lowest dose of any progestin in a coc, and has an established and favorable short- and long-term tolerability profile.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] the pill containing estradiol valerate and dienogest is a contraceptive option that may satisfy women's demands for a more natural contraceptive while offering high reliability, good tolerability, a simple dosing schedule, lighter and shorter withdrawal bleeding, improved anaemia and a reduction in cycle-related symptoms thanks to a shorter hormone free interval, and improved sexuality and general well-being.

Does a newly approved contraceptive pill with the active ingredient combination nomegestrol acetate and 17ß-estradiol have fewer undesirable side effects than other birth control pills? [SEP] compared with the nonalkylated estrogen/norethindrone and the triphasic ee2/levonorgestrel formulations, the low-dose ee2/norethindrone combination resulted in small but significant increases in plasma triglyceride and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (p less than 0.01), which seemed unfavorable from a clinical point of view. |||

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] available evidence supports the efficacy of pre-exposure prophylaxis (prep) in decreasing the incidence of human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) infection among high-risk individuals, especially when used in combination with other behavioural preventive methods.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] prep was associated with decreased risk of hiv infection vs placebo or no prep after 4 months to 4 years (11 trials; relative risk [rr], 0.46 [95% ci, 0.33-0.66]; i2 = 67%; absolute risk reduction [ard], -2.0% [95% ci, -2.8% to -1.2%]).

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] hiv preexposure prophylaxis (prep) decreases risk of hiv acquisition; however, its efficacy is closely dependent on adherence.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] randomized controlled trials have demonstrated that daily oral prep dramatically reduces the risk of hiv infection when it is taken as directed.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] hiv pre-exposure prophylaxis (prep) has been found to be efficacious in preventing hiv acquisition among seronegative individuals in a variety of risk groups, including men who have sex with men and people who inject drugs.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] prep as an intervention to reduce hiv transmission appears to have a safe benefit-risk profile in clinical trials.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] pre-exposure prophylaxis (prep) is highly effective in reducing the risk for hiv infection among men who have sex with men (msm) and may have an important impact in slowing down the hiv epidemic.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] although preliminary studies showed that preexposure prophylaxis (prep) lowers the hiv transmission in individuals with hiv, confirmative trials are ongoing and prep is not routinely recommended.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] pre-exposure prophylaxis (prep) is an effective and evidence-based hiv-prevention option and is recommended for individuals with substantial risk for hiv infection [1].

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] antiretroviral therapy (art) used as preexposure prophylaxis (prep) by human immunodeficiency virus (hiv)-seronegative individuals reduces the risk of acquiring hiv.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] pre-exposure prophylaxis (prep) is a highly effective, pharmacologic method of hiv prevention.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] antiretroviral (arv)-based pre-exposure prophylaxis (prep) is a promising new hiv prevention strategy.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] hiv preexposure prophylaxis (prep) is an effective tool in preventing hiv infection among high-risk men who have sex with men (msm).

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] our results show that prep had minimal influence in reducing the risk of hiv transmission during natural conception in hiv-1-serodiscordant couples with a stably suppressed viral load.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] pre-exposure prophylaxis (prep), in which hiv uninfected persons with ongoing hiv risk use antiretroviral medications as chemoprophylaxis against sexual hiv acquisition, is a promising new hiv prevention strategy.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] proof-of-concept that prep, as oral or vaginal topical tenofovir-based products, protects against sexual hiv acquisition has been demonstrated in clinical trials conducted among men who have sex with men and heterosexual men and women.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] preexposure prophylaxis (prep) involves use of antiretroviral therapy (art) daily or before and after sex to decrease risk of acquiring hiv infection.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] many individuals who stop prep remain at risk of hiv, and participants reported that proactive outreach could potentially have prevented hiv infections.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] pre-exposure prophylaxis (prep), taken as a single daily coformulated pill containing tenofovir -emtricitabine, is a promising intervention to reduce the likelihood of hiv acquisition in at-risk individuals, including men who have sex with men.

Does PrEP reduce the risk of HIV infection? [SEP] pre-exposure prophylaxis (prep) with tdf/ftc significantly reduces the risk for hiv-1 transmission, but, to date, nobody knows if prep can still be useful in case of viruses harboring resistances to tdf/ftc or if alternative antiretroviral drugs might be rather proposed in selected cases. |||

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] interventions based on diet and physical activity minimise gestational weight gain with varied effect on a number of clinical outcomes.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] evidence from this review suggests that both diet and exercise together and diet alone help women to lose weight after childbirth.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] preliminary evidence from this review suggests that dieting and exercise together appear to be more effective than diet alone at helping women to lose weight after childbirth, because the former improves maternal cardiorespiratory fitness level and preserves fat-free mass, while diet alone reduces fat-free mass.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] this review synthesized healthy eating and physical activity strategies and their effects on excessive gestational weight gain prevention.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] healthy eating and/or physical activity are effective in gestational weight gain control.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] healthy eating with calorie and macronutrient goals are especially effective in limiting excessive gestational weight gain among pregnant overweight and obese women.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] twenty-three randomized controlled trials that included healthy eating and/or physical activity as an intervention in healthy pregnant overweight or obese adult women and gestational weight gain as a primary or secondary outcome were reviewed.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] nevertheless, it may be preferable to lose weight through a combination of diet and exercise as this improves maternal cardiorespiratory fitness and preserves fat-free mass, while diet alone reduces fat-free mass.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] weight retention after pregnancy may contribute to obesity.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] weight retention after pregnancy may contribute to obesity.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] behavioural modification through physical activity and dietary counselling has been shown to have beneficial effects on pregnant women with overweight/obesity.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] diet and physical activity are factors that can influence the loss of retained pregnancy weight after birth.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] regular exercise during pregnancy promotes overall wellness and helps maintain appropriate gestational weight gain and appropriate fetal weight gain.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] this meta-analysis might suggest beneficial effects of supervised exercise on pregnant women with overweight/obesity to prevent excessive gwg, attenuates insulin resistance, and the post-prandial blood glucose level.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] the objectives of this review were to evaluate the effect of diet, exercise or both for weight reduction in women after childbirth, and to assess the impact of these interventions on maternal body composition, cardiorespiratory fitness, breastfeeding performance and other child and maternal outcomes.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] the objectives of this review were to evaluate the effect of diet, exercise or both for weight reduction in women after childbirth, and to assess the impact of these interventions on maternal body composition, cardiorespiratory fitness, breastfeeding performance and other child and maternal outcomes.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] heathy eating and/or physical activity (21 studies, n = 6,920 subjects) demonstrated 1.81 kg (95% ci: -3.47, -0.16) of gestational weight gain reduction favouring intervention.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] healthy eating (-5.77 kg, 95% ci: -9.34, -2.21, p = 0.02) had a larger effect size than combined healthy eating/physical activity (-0.82 kg, 95% ci: -1.28, -0.36, p = 0.0005) in limiting gestational weight gain.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] in summary, women with pre-pregnancy obesity might require from additional interventions beyond light-to-moderate intensity gestational exercise (e.g., diet and/or higher exercise loads) to ensure cardiometabolic benefits.

Does exercise, a restricted diet, or both together help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy? [SEP] our primary aim was to assess whether regular supervised exercise training in pregnancy could reduce gwg in women with prepregnancy overweight/obesity. |||

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] there is moderate evidence that antibiotics provide a small benefit for clinical outcomes in immunocompetent primary care patients with uncomplicated acute sinusitis.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] antibiotics have a small treatment effect in patients with uncomplicated acute sinusitis in a primary care setting with symptoms for more than seven days.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] we examined whether antibiotics are effective in treating acute sinusitis, and if so, which antibiotic classes are the most effective.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] to assess the effectiveness of antibiotics in acute bacterial sinusitis.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] however, it is not clear whether antibiotics improve the outcome for patients with clinically diagnosed acute rhinosinusitis.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] antibiotics and decongestants are the cornerstones of therapy for acute sinusitis.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] we examined whether antibiotics are indicated for acute sinusitis, and if so, which antibiotic classes are most effective.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] antimicrobial therapy for sinusitis has been shown to reduce or eliminate pathologic bacteria associated with rhinosinusitis and improve the symptoms associated with the disease.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] acute sinusitis is a common clinical problem that usually results in a prescription for antibiotics but the role of antibiotics is debated.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] it is still under discussion whether antibiotics are effective in the treatment of acute sinusitis.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] acute sinusitis-like complaints are very common and are usually treated with antibiotics in spite of the lack of evidence for the effectiveness of antibiotic therapy and the increasing number of resistant strains.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] the treatment of acute bacterial sinusitis is medical, the regimen including oral and nasal decongestants and antibiotics.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] antibiotics have demonstrated efficacy for the treatment of acute bacterial sinusitis in clinical trials yet little is known of their effectiveness in real-life treatment settings.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] because most acute sinus infections are caused by h influenzae and s pneumoniae, the preferred antibiotic for treatment is amoxicillin or tmp-smz.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] to assess whether the addition of an intranasal corticosteroid to antibiotic therapy affects the speed and rate of recovery of such patients with acute rhinosinusitis.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] for acute maxillary sinusitis confirmed radiographically or by aspiration, current evidence is limited but supports the use of penicillin or amoxicillin for 7 to 14 days.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] a review of recent literature shows a high incidence of positive cultures for staphylococcus aureus from the sinuses of patients with chronic rhinosinusitis, both before and after surgery, but has not produced convincing evidence that staphylococcus aureus has a significant role in the pathogenesis or clinical course of the disease.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] the objective of this study was to investigate the therapeutic role of vitamin a on healing of acute sinusitis.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] radiographic outcomes were improved by antibiotic treatment.

Does taking antibiotics for acute sinusitis speed up the healing of the infection? [SEP] most acute sinusitis cases not prescribed antibiotics resolve spontaneously. |||

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] observational studies have shown that colonoscopy reduces colorectal cancer (crc) incidence and mortality in the general population.

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] use of colonoscopy is thought to reduce colorectal cancer (crc) mortality, but its impact at the population level is unclear.

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] colonoscopy is thought to be a powerful and cost-effective tool to reduce colorectal cancer (crc) incidence and mortality.

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] colonoscopy with detection and removal of neoplasms strongly reduces risk of colorectal cancer (crc).

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] indeed, colonoscopy has contributed to a decline in the number of colorectal cancer related deaths.

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] colonoscopy with polypectomy significantly reduces crc incidence and cancer-related mortality in the general population.

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] through its impact on the adenoma-carcinoma sequence, colonoscopy has a central role in the detection and prevention of colorectal cancer (crc).

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] compared with no endoscopic screening, receipt of a screening colonoscopy was associated with a 67% reduction in the risk of death from any colorectal cancer (adjusted or (aor)=0.33, 95% ci 0.21 to 0.52).

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] colonoscopy with a possible polypectomy is an efficient and preferred screening method to reduce the incidence of colorectal cancer (crc).

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] screening colonoscopy was associated with a substantial and comparably decreased mortality risk for both right-sided and left-sided cancers within a large community-based population.

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] colonoscopic screening with removal of adenomatous polyps in individuals at average risk is known to decrease the incidence and associated mortality from colon cancer.

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] lower gi endoscopy, such as colonoscopy or sigmoidoscopy, is thought to have a substantial impact on colorectal cancer incidence and mortality through detection and removal of precancerous lesions and early cancers.

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] our study indicated that colonoscopy could significantly reduce the incidence and mortality of crc.

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] pooled analysis showed that colonoscopy was associated with a 61% rr reduction in crc incidence (rr: 0.39; 95% ci: 0.26-0.60; i(2)=93.6%) and a 61% reduction in crc mortality (rr: 0.39; 95% ci: 0.35-0.43; i(2)=12.0%) in patients with non-malignant findings, although there was high heterogeneity for the outcome of crc incidence.

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] our results showed that colonoscopy was associated with a 52% rr reduction in incidence of crc (rr: 0.48, 95% ci: 0.46-0.49) and 62% rr reduction in mortality of crc (rr: 0.38, 95% ci: 0.36-0.40).

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] by cancer location, screening colonoscopy was associated with a 65% reduction in risk of death for right-colon cancers (aor=0.35, ci 0.18 to 0.65) and a 75% reduction for left-colon/rectal cancers (aor=0.25, ci 0.12 to 0.53).

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] observational data support a protective effect of colonoscopy and polypectomy on crc incidence and mortality.

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] screening colonoscopy's effectiveness in reducing colorectal cancer mortality risk in community populations is unclear, particularly for right-colon cancers, leading to recommendations against its use for screening in some countries.

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] this study aimed to determine whether, among average-risk people, receipt of screening colonoscopy reduces the risk of dying from both right-colon and left-colon/rectal cancers.

Does colonoscopy reduce mortality from colorectal cancer? [SEP] to estimate the effect of current colonoscopy use on crc mortality and its further potential in reducing crc mortality. |||

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] nicotine replacement therapies have proved to be of value in smoking cessation.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] studies with nicotine chewing gum and nicotine skin patches indicate that nicotine replacement can help people to give up smoking.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] nicotine replacement therapy has been shown to improve success rates in smoking cessation treatment.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] nicotine replacement therapy is often used to maintain smoking cessation.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] nicotine replacement therapies (nrts), including transdermal patch, gum, lozenge, nasal spray and inhaler, are widely used for the treatment of tobacco dependence; however, only one-quarter to one-third of smokers who utilise nrts to quit smoking are able to maintain long-term abstinence from tobacco use.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] since nicotine gum was introduced in the 1980s, nicotine replacement therapy has become the most widely used pharmacological smoking cessation treatment.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] for several years, nicotine replacement therapy (nicotine gum, patches, and nasal spray) has been the mainstay for the treatment of nicotine dependence.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] to determine the effectiveness of nicotine replacement therapies (nrts) (including gum, transdermal patch, intranasal spray, and inhaled preparations) in facilitating smoking cessation, and to determine whether the effect was influenced by the clinical setting in which the smoker was recruited and treated, the level of nicotine dependency, the dosage of nrt used, or the intensity of additional advice and support offered to the smoker.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] nicotine replacement therapy (nrt) is an effective treatment for smoking cessation, but as with all such pharmacotherapies, the majority of smokers who use nrt products do not stop smoking or remain abstinent long term.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] currently approved medications for smoking cessation are nicotine replacement medications (nrt), including nicotine patch, gum, lozenge, sublingual tablet, inhaler and nasal spray, the antidepressant bupropion, and the nicotinic partial agonist varenicline.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] nicotine replacement therapy is an effective treatment for nicotine-dependent smokers.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] the aims of this review were to determine the effectiveness of the different forms of nicotine replacement therapy (chewing gum, transdermal patches, nasal spray, inhalers and tablets) in achieving abstinence from cigarettes, or a sustained reduction in amount smoked; to determine whether the effect is influenced by the clinical setting in which the smoker is recruited and treated, the dosage and form of the nrt used, or the intensity of additional advice and support offered to the smoker; to determine whether combinations of nrt are more effective than one type alone; and to determine its effectiveness compared to other pharmacotherapies.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] the aims of this review were to determine the effectiveness of the different forms of nicotine replacement therapy (chewing gum, transdermal patches, nasal spray, inhalers and tablets) in achieving abstinence from cigarettes, or a sustained reduction in amount smoked; to determine whether the effect is influenced by the clinical setting in which the smoker is recruited and treated, the dosage and form of the nrt used, or the intensity of additional advice and support offered to the smoker; to determine whether combinations of nrt are more effective than one type alone; and to determine its effectiveness compared to other pharmacotherapies.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] nicotine replacement therapy has become a popular therapy for smokers attempting to stop smoking.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] treatment with the nicotine inhaler plus nicotine patch resulted in significantly higher cessation rates than inhaler plus placebo patch.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] the nicotine lozenge is a safe and effective new treatment for smoking cessation in low- and high-dependence smokers.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] higher doses of nicotine patch may produce small increases in quit rates.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] higher doses of nicotine patch may produce small increases in quit rates.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] hence, nicotine replacement therapy by way of gum, patch, or spray has been advocated.

Do nicotine replacement products like nicotine gum or nicotine patches help with long-term smoking cessation? [SEP] we compared the efficacy of the nicotine inhaler plus nicotine patch vs nicotine inhaler plus placebo patch for smoking cessation. |||

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] the present study compared the impact of a low-volume high-intensity interval training to a "all-out" sprint interval training.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] key pointsgiven the markedly lower training volume in the training groups, our results suggest that intense interval training is indeed a time-efficient strategy to induce rapid metabolic and performance adaptations.the results demonstrate that a practical low-volume hit program is effective for improving metabolic and performance adaptations that resemble many of the same performance gains occurred in all-out sit protocol.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] of substantial interest is that the low volume high intensity training provides similar results but involves only half the intensity with double the repetitions.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] within a controlled laboratory environment, high-intensity interval training (hit) elicits similar cardiovascular and metabolic benefits as traditional moderate-intensity continuous training (mict).

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] the literature suggests that high-intensity interval training (hiit) is more effective than moderate-intensity continuous training (mict) to improve functional ability.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] to date, a majority of uphill training research has focused on shorter, faster training bouts; however, longer, slower bouts based on an individual's velocity at maximum oxygen consumption (vmax) may prove more effective.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] key pointssteady state training equivalent to hiit in untrained studentsmild interval training presents very similar physiologic challenge compared to steady state traininghiit (particularly very high intensity variants were less enjoyable than steady state or mild interval trainingenjoyment of training decreases across the course of an 8 week experimental training program.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] this study compared the effects of two hiit protocols vs steady-state training on aerobic and anaerobic capacity following 8-weeks of training.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] high-intensity interval training (hiit) has similar or better effects than moderate-intensity continuous training (mict) in increasing peak oxygen consumption (vo2max), however, it has not been studied when hiit is applied in a circuit (hiict).

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] high-intensity interval training (hiit) has been proposed as a time-efficient exercise protocol to improve metabolic health, but direct comparisons with higher-volume moderate-intensity continuous training (mict) under unsupervised settings are limited.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] low-volume high-intensity interval training (hiit) may be a time-efficient strategy that leads to similar or superior improvements in cardiorespiratory fitness (crf) and cardiovascular disease (cvd) risk factors when compared with moderate-intensity continuous training (mict).

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] the results suggest that although hiit protocols are time efficient, they are not superior to conventional exercise training in sedentary young adults.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] moderate-intensity exercise sessions are incorporated into heat-acclimation and hypoxic-training protocols to improve performance in hot and hypoxic environments, respectively.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] this study compared explosive and traditional training over a 6-week intervention in 30 healthy young adult male recreational soccer players.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] interval training consisting of brief high intensity repetitive runs (30 s) alternating with periods of complete rest (30 s) has been reported to be efficient in improving maximal oxygen uptake (vo2max) and to be tolerated well even by untrained persons.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] in untrained and recreationally active individuals, short-term hiit is a potent stimulus to induce physiological remodeling similar to traditional endurance training despite a markedly lower total exercise volume and training time commitment.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] in a randomized controlled pilot design, we evaluated the effects of two types of interval training protocols, varying in intensity and interval duration, on clinical outcomes in overweight/obese men.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] the results of the meta-analysis indicate that long-hiit may be the optimal form of interval training to augment tt performance.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] short-distance triathletes, however, perform most of their competition-specific training around moderate-intensity intervals.

Is short, high-intensity training equally effective as longer, moderate-intensity training? [SEP] twenty-four participants (age: 48.1±5.2yr; bmi: 25.8±2.3kg·m-2) were randomly assigned to undertake either hiit (10 x 1-min bouts of running at 80-90% hrmax separated by 1-min active recovery) or mict (50-min continuous jogging/brisk walking at 65-70% hrmax) for 3 sessions/week for 8 weeks (2-week supervised + 6-week unsupervised training). |||

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] an important component in psychological treatment of spider phobia is exposure to phobic situations that reduces avoidance behaviors.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] compared with untreated spider phobic controls, the treated phobics changed significantly in their negative beliefs about spiders after treatment.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] our findings reveal the importance of targeting movement-related fears in in-vivo exposure therapy for spider phobia and using realistically animated spider stimuli in computer-based experimental paradigms and clinical interventions such as virtual reality exposure therapy.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] disgust is thought to play a prominent role in multiple anxiety disorders and fears, including spider phobia, though little attention has been given to specific treatment strategies that may be effective for multiple disgust-based fears.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] spider phobics show an exaggerated fear response when encountering spiders.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] spider phobics reported significantly more fear and disgust than nonphobics towards threat and disgust-relevant stimuli.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] similar effects of exposure on spider fear were found at high levels of pretreatment spider-related disgust.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] the implications of these findings for the role of disgust in the treatment of spider phobia are discussed.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] spider phobia is characterized by exaggerated fear of situations where spiders could be present, resulting in avoidance of such situations and compromised quality of life.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] women with significant spider fear were randomized to three 30-minute sessions of exposure therapy involving repeated contact with a dirt mixture (n=17) or a waitlist control condition (n=17).

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] the conducted study provides first evidence that fmri neurofeedback has a facilitating effect on anxiety regulation in spider phobia.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] a test of the hypothesis was undertaken using spider phobics' performance in a recognition memory task involving dead spiders as an index of processing.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] the first experiment confirmed the hypothesis of poorer processing of spider stimuli in phobics, but only for big spiders on a post hoc division of spider stimuli.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] the present study also examined differences in fear and disgust responding to threat-relevant and disgust-relevant stimuli between spider phobics and nonphobics.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] phobics displayed stronger negative modulation of activity in the lateral prefrontal cortex, precuneus, and visual cortex by encounter expectancies for spiders, relative to snakes or birds (within-participants analysis); these effects were not seen in controls.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] in the present study, we evaluated contamination-focused exposure as a potential transdiagnostic treatment strategy for disgust-based fears in a spider fearful sample.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] at high (but not low) levels of pretreatment disgust propensity, exposure led to lower in vivo spider fear and perceived danger than waitlist, though exposure had no effects on spider-related disgust.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] although disgust plays a significant role in the etiology of spider phobia, there remains a paucity of research examining the role of disgust in the treatment of spider phobia.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] assessments of spider fear and disgust were administered at baseline and at one-week posttreatment.

Do behavioral therapy methods help with specific fears (phobias) such as fear of spiders? [SEP] controls and treated phobics showed the same change in their reaction time latencies to spider stimuli in the stroop test. |||

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] honey may improve healing times in mild to moderate superficial and partial thickness burns compared with some conventional dressings.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] macroscopic and microscopic observations under in vivo assessment suggested that the topical application of honey might have favourable influences on the various phases of burn and wound healing hence accelerating the healing process.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] the objective was to determine whether honey increases the rate of healing in acute wounds (burns, lacerations and other traumatic wounds) and chronic wounds (venous ulcers, arterial ulcers, diabetic ulcers, pressure ulcers, infected surgical wounds).

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] honey has successfully been used in the treatment of a broad spectrum of injuries including burns and non-healing wounds.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] although it has been known for many centuries that honey can accelerate wound healing, there have only been isolated reports of its use in the healing of burns, ulcers, infected wounds and open wounds.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] honey is recognized as an efficacious topical antimicrobial agent in the treatment of burns and wounds.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] in acute wounds, specifically partial-thickness burns, honey might reduce time to healing compared with some conventional dressings (wmd -4.68 days, 95%ci -4.28 to -5.09 days), but, when compared with early excision and grafting, honey delays healing in partial- and full-thickness burns (wmd 13.6 days, 95% ci 10.02 to 17.18 days).

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] in acute wounds, honey may reduce time to healing compared with some conventional dressings in partial thickness burns (wmd -4.68 days, 95%ci -4.28 to -5.09 days).

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] the objective of this review was to assess the effects of honey compared with silver dressings on the healing of burn wounds.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] in acute wounds, three trials evaluated the effect of honey in acute lacerations, abrasions or minor surgical wounds and 12 trials evaluated the effect of honey in burns.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] the available evidence suggests that honey dressings promote better wound healing than silver sulfadiazine for burns.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] in acute wounds, three trials evaluated the effect of honey in acute lacerations, abrasions or minor surgical wounds and nine trials evaluated the effect the honey in burns.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] it has been reported that honey hastens wound healing by accelerating wound contractions.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] evidence from animal studies and trials suggests that honey may accelerate wound healing.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] these findings suggest that honey applied topically on cutaneous wounds accelerates the healing processes and appears to have an important property that makes it ideal as a dressing for cutaneous wounds.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] honey may delay healing in partial- and full-thickness burns in comparison to early excision and grafting, and in cutaneous leishmaniasis when used as an adjuvant with meglumine antimoniate.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] evidence from animal studies and some trials has suggested honey may accelerate wound healing.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] evidence from animal studies and some trials has suggested that honey may accelerate wound healing.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] old and recent reports show that honey has beneficial effects on the skin as antiseptic for wounds, burns and ulcers and as a healing promoter.

Can honey accelerate the healing of second degree burns with pain, redness and blisters? [SEP] topical honey treatment has been shown to possess antimicrobial properties, promote autolytic debridement, stimulate growth of wound tissues to hasten healing, and to start the healing process in dormant wounds, stimulating anti-inflammatory activity that rapidly reduces pain, oedema and exudate production. |||

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] evidence from animal studies and some trials has suggested honey may accelerate wound healing.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] evidence from animal studies and some trials has suggested that honey may accelerate wound healing.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] the objective was to determine whether honey increases the rate of healing in acute wounds (burns, lacerations and other traumatic wounds) and chronic wounds (venous ulcers, arterial ulcers, diabetic ulcers, pressure ulcers, infected surgical wounds).

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] these findings suggest that honey applied topically on cutaneous wounds accelerates the healing processes and appears to have an important property that makes it ideal as a dressing for cutaneous wounds.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] although it has been known for many centuries that honey can accelerate wound healing, there have only been isolated reports of its use in the healing of burns, ulcers, infected wounds and open wounds.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] this article provides an overview of the use of honey in wound management and reviews the evidence to support its effectiveness.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] clinical observations suggest that honey holds significant promise as an effective treatment for a number of medical conditions and particularly in the management of non-healing wounds.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] among several different alternative therapies, honey is an effective choice because it provides comparatively rapid wound healing.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] honey may improve healing times in mild to moderate superficial and partial thickness burns compared with some conventional dressings.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] in acute wounds, honey may reduce time to healing compared with some conventional dressings in partial thickness burns (wmd -4.68 days, 95%ci -4.28 to -5.09 days).

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] many studies have demonstrated that honey has antibacterial activity in vitro, and a small number of clinical case studies have shown that application of honey to severely infected cutaneous wounds is capable of clearing infection from the wound and improving tissue healing.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] the objective was to determine whether honey increases the rate of healing in acute wounds (e.g.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] we discuss the proposed mechanisms of honey as a wound-healing agent and the evidence for its use, and we propose that honey may be considered a therapeutic option for scalp wounds-especially in patients who are poor surgical candidates.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] in acute wounds, specifically partial-thickness burns, honey might reduce time to healing compared with some conventional dressings (wmd -4.68 days, 95%ci -4.28 to -5.09 days), but, when compared with early excision and grafting, honey delays healing in partial- and full-thickness burns (wmd 13.6 days, 95% ci 10.02 to 17.18 days).

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] topical honey treatment has been shown to possess antimicrobial properties, promote autolytic debridement, stimulate growth of wound tissues to hasten healing, and to start the healing process in dormant wounds, stimulating anti-inflammatory activity that rapidly reduces pain, oedema and exudate production.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] research has also indicated that honey may possess antiinflammatory activity and stimulate immune responses within a wound.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] honey has been shown to have antibacterial properties in vitro and animal studies have demonstrated accelerated wound healing with the use of honey.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] honey has been used since ancient times as a remedy in wound healing.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] this article provides an overview of the use of honey as a medicinal substance, particularly its use in wound treatment, and reviews the published data concerning honey as a form of complementary and alternative medicine in paediatric wound management.

Does honey heal small, fresh wounds faster than the usual wound treatment? [SEP] this review outlines what is known about the medical properties of honey and indicates the potential for honey to be incorporated into the management of a large number of wound types. |||

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] because honey has some unique natural features as a wound healer, it works even more effectively on diabetic wounds than on normal wounds.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] clinical observations suggest that honey holds significant promise as an effective treatment for a number of medical conditions and particularly in the management of non-healing wounds.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] honey dressing has been used to promote wound healing for years but scanty scientific studies did not provide enough evidences to justify it benefits in the treatment of diabetic foot ulcers.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] additionally, ways in which honey can be used as a safer, faster, and effective healing agent for diabetic wounds in comparison with other synthetic medications in terms of microbial resistance and treatment costs are also described to support its traditional claims.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] in this review, the potential role of honey's antibacterial activity on diabetic wound-related microorganisms and honey's clinical effectiveness in treating diabetic wounds based on the most recent studies is described.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] although honey has been used as an alternative medicine for wound healing since ancient times, the application of honey to diabetic wounds has only recently been revived.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] many studies have shown that honey might improve wound healing.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] in addition, honey is known as an "all in one" remedy for diabetic wound healing because it can combat many microorganisms that are involved in the wound process and because it possesses antioxidant activity and controls inflammation.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] this review showed that honey dressing is safer for treatment of diabetic foot ulcer but there is insufficient good quality data to realistically conclude on the efficacy of honey on diabetic foot ulcers.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] among several different alternative therapies, honey is an effective choice because it provides comparatively rapid wound healing.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] these findings suggest that honey applied topically on cutaneous wounds accelerates the healing processes and appears to have an important property that makes it ideal as a dressing for cutaneous wounds.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] although it has been known for many centuries that honey can accelerate wound healing, there have only been isolated reports of its use in the healing of burns, ulcers, infected wounds and open wounds.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] out of five clinical trials three concluded that honey dressing is better than conventional dressing, all the clinical trials proved safety of honey for the treatment of diabetic foot ulcer.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] many studies have demonstrated that honey has antibacterial activity in vitro, and a small number of clinical case studies have shown that application of honey to severely infected cutaneous wounds is capable of clearing infection from the wound and improving tissue healing.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] honey dressing has been applied in the treatment of diabetic foot ulcers (dfus).

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] the suitability of honey as a wound healing agent is largely due to its antibacterial activity, immune modulatory properties, and biocompatibility.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] despite the usefulness of honey in wound healing, chronic wound infections continue to be a global problem requiring new and improved therapeutic interventions.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] this review outlines what is known about the medical properties of honey and indicates the potential for honey to be incorporated into the management of a large number of wound types.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] this article explores the healing properties of honey and illustrates the effectiveness of using honey in the management of chronic leg ulcers.

Does honey work better than other wound treatments for chronic wounds (open leg, diabetic foot)? [SEP] honey has been shown to have antibacterial properties in vitro and animal studies have demonstrated accelerated wound healing with the use of honey. |||

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] epidemiological evidence indicates that excessive time spent in sedentary behaviours (too much sitting) is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes (t2d).

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] sedentary behaviour (sitting time) has recently been identified as a risk factor for diabetes, often independent of the time spent in moderate-to-vigorous physical activity.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] this new evidence is stimulating an expansion of diabetes-related physical activity guidelines-suggesting that in addition to moderate-vigorous physical activity, reducing and regularly interrupting prolonged sitting time is likely to have important and varied benefits across the spectrum of diabetes risk.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] prolonged uninterrupted sitting is related adversely to cardiometabolic risk markers and postprandial hyperglycaemia, relative to sitting interrupted by regular brief activity breaks.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] prolonged sitting is increasingly recognized as a ubiquitous cardiometabolic risk factor, possibly distinct from lack of physical exercise.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] postprandial dysmetabolism in type 2 diabetes (t2d) is exacerbated by prolonged sitting and may trigger inflammation and oxidative stress.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] sedentary (sitting) behaviour has been shown to be associated with greater risk of cardio-metabolic health outcomes, including t2dm.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] data were pooled from 3 randomized cross-over laboratory-based trials (n = 62) that examined the postprandial blood glucose- and insulin-lowering effects of prolonged sitting vs sitting interrupted by regular brief activity breaks in overweight/obese adults who had normal or impaired glucose metabolism (2 trials) or type 2 diabetes not treated by insulin (1 trial).

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] we examined whether interrupting prolonged sitting with brief bouts of light-intensity activity reduced blood pressure (bp) and plasma noradrenaline in type 2 diabetes (t2d).

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] this suggests that those with higher underlying levels of insulin resistance may derive greater metabolic benefits from regularly interrupting prolonged sitting than their healthier counterparts.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] we hypothesize that obesity and inactivity, not hyperglycemia, cause exercise intolerance in individuals with type 2 diabetes.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] acutely interrupting prolonged sitting time may impart beneficial effects on the postprandial plasma lipidome of adults with t2d.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] although obesity and physical inactivity have precipitated the epidemic of type 2 diabetes, the metabolic abnormalities associated with a sedentary lifestyle are better predictors of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease than obesity alone.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] although type 2 diabetes is a disease often associated with aging, the global prevalence of early-onset diabetes has been increasing due to man's sedentary lifestyle, low-physical activity, obesity, and some nonmodifiable risk factors.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] obesity, a sedentary lifestyle and type 2 diabetes are intricately linked conditions contributing to reduced exercise tolerance, significant morbidity, and premature deaths.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] here, we highlight findings of experimental studies corroborating and extending the epidemiological evidence and showing the potential benefits for t2d of reducing and breaking up sitting time across the whole day.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] solving the obesity and inactivity versus hyperglycemia causality dilemma is important in understanding the development of type 2 diabetes and implications for future pharmacological and life style interventions.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] obesity-related type 2 diabetes is rapidly rising in prevalence, probably largely because of increased longevity and sedentary lifestyles.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] in this study, we investigated the effects of regular interruptions to sitting, compared with prolonged sitting, on the postprandial plasma lipidome.

Does sitting for long periods despite compensatory exercise increasingly lead to type 2 diabetes? [SEP] in a randomized crossover trial, 24 inactive overweight/obese adults with t2d (14 men; mean ± sd; 62 ± 6 years) consumed standardized meals during 3 × 8 h conditions: uninterrupted sitting (sit); sitting + half-hourly bouts of walking (3.2 km/h for 3-min) (light-intensity walking); and sitting + half-hourly bouts of simple resistance activities for 3 min (sras), each separated by 6-14 days washout. |||

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] results from 405 subjects show acupuncture can help between 5 and 15 percent of the population to stop smoking for at least six months.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] acupuncture and related techniques are promoted as a treatment for smoking cessation in the belief that they may reduce nicotine withdrawal symptoms.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] acupuncture and related techniques are promoted as a treatment for smoking cessation in the belief that they may reduce nicotine withdrawal symptoms.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] acupuncture and related techniques are promoted as a treatment for smoking cessation in the belief that they may reduce nicotine withdrawal symptoms.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] acupuncture is promoted as a treatment for smoking cessation, and is believed to reduce withdrawal symptoms.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] the objective of this review is to determine the effectiveness of acupuncture in smoking cessation in comparison with: a) sham acupuncture b) other interventions c) no intervention.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] the present study examines the usefulness of acupuncture as an aid to stopping smoking.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] the objectives of this review are to determine the effectiveness of acupuncture and the related interventions of acupressure, laser therapy and electrostimulation, in smoking cessation in comparison with no intervention, sham treatment, or other interventions.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] the objectives of this review are to determine the effectiveness of acupuncture and the related interventions of acupressure, laser therapy and electrostimulation in smoking cessation, in comparison with no intervention, sham treatment, or other interventions.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] the objective of this review is to determine the effectiveness of acupuncture and the allied therapies of acupressure, laser therapy and electrostimulation, in smoking cessation in comparison with: a) sham treatment, b) other interventions, or c) no intervention.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] additional electroacupuncture on the hand neither increases the probability of stopping smoking nor enhances the reduction in smoking at three week, three month or six month follow-up periods.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] there is no consistent, bias-free evidence that acupuncture, acupressure, laser therapy or electrostimulation are effective for smoking cessation, but lack of evidence and methodological problems mean that no firm conclusions can be drawn.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] there is no clear evidence that acupuncture is effective for smoking cessation.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] the efficacy of acupuncture in smoking cessation, and its effect on the urge to smoke are unclear.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] there is no consistent evidence that acupuncture, acupressure, laser therapy or electrostimulation are effective for smoking cessation, but methodological problems mean that no firm conclusions can be drawn.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] randomised trials comparing a form of acupuncture with either sham acupuncture, another intervention or no intervention for smoking cessation.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] there is no clear evidence that acupuncture, acupressure, laser therapy or electrostimulation are effective for smoking cessation.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] using chronically implanted press needles, previously reported 'effective' auricular acupuncture points for smoking cessation are shown to be no better than 'placebo' auricular points.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] alternatives to pharmacological therapies such as acupuncture, acupressure, and electrical stimulation have received minimal attention in research but have been widely reported to be popular and safe interventions for smoking cessation.

Do acupuncture or related smoking cessation methods help you stay smoke-free for at least 6 months? [SEP] we evaluated the effect of a standardized protocol of transcutaneous electric acupoint stimulations (teas) on alleviating the urge to smoke. |||

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] bariatric surgery rapidly induces improvements in type 2 diabetes (t2d) in concert with reduction in systemic markers of inflammation.

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] to review the role of bariatric surgery in the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes.

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] in obese diabetic patients, bariatric surgery has been shown to induce remission of type 2 diabetes.

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] bariatric surgery also concomitantly improves type 2 diabetes and other metabolic diseases such as nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, cardiovascular diseases, and hyperlipidemia.

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] bariatric surgery is a highly effective treatment of type 2 diabetes in patients with morbid obesity.

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] several conventional methods of bariatric surgery can induce long-term remission of type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2dm); novel gastrointestinal surgical procedures are reported to have similar effects.

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] bariatric surgery has recently been endorsed as an effective treatment of type 2 diabetes (t2d) in severely obese patients.

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] the weight-loss independent improvement of glycemic control observed after these procedures has led to the discussion whether bariatric surgery can be introduced as treatment for type 2 diabetes in patients with a body mass index < 35 kg/m(2).

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] is bariatric surgery as primary therapy for type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2dm) with body mass index (bmi) <35 kg/m(2) justified?

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] bariatric surgery is an effective treatment option for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2dm) and obesity.

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] certain types of bariatric surgical procedures have proved not only to be effective with regard to treating obesity, but they also seem to be associated with endocrine changes which independently of weight loss give rise to remission of type 2 diabetes.

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] should clinicians, therefore, implement bariatric procedures to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus in patients who do not meet current obesity-based criteria for surgery?

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] the provocative idea that type 2 diabetes (t2d) may be a surgically treated disorder is based on accumulating evidence suggesting impressive remission rates of obesity and diabetes following bariatric surgery interventions.

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] the use of gastric bypass as the preferred bariatric procedure for patients with obesity and type 2 diabetes could improve diabetes care and reduce related societal costs.

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] gastrointestinal surgery may ameliorate glycemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus within days to weeks--an effect that cannot be explained solely by the changes in food intake and body weight following gastric bypass.

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] type 2 diabetes can be treated by gastrointestinal surgery, but the underlying mechanism is unclear.

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] nutrient interaction with the mid-gut may play a role in improving type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2d) after bariatric surgery.

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] open-label studies have shown that bariatric surgery causes remission of diabetes in some patients with bmi <35 kg/m(2).

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] gastric bypass was found to be superior to sleeve gastrectomy for remission of type 2 diabetes at 1 year after surgery, and the two procedures had a similar beneficial effect on β-cell function.

Do gastrointestinal surgeries (bariatric surgeries) improve symptoms of type 2 diabetes? [SEP] we hypothesize that sleeve gastrectomy (sg) and gastric bypass (rygb) surgeries resolve obesity-induced intestinal inflammation, thereby promoting t2d resolution. |||

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] epidemiologic evidence indicates a relevant association between atopic dermatitis (ad) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd).

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] atopic dermatitis is associated with increased odds of add/adhd in adults and children.

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] the co-occurrence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd) with atopic dermatitis (ad) has been well described in some recent association studies; however, we did not have any perspective on this relationship in our country.

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] atopic dermatitis (ad) is a chronic inflammatory skin disease with the hallmark characteristics of pruritus, psychological stress, and sleep disturbance, all possibly associated with an increased risk of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd).

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] ad unaccompanied by other allergic disease was also associated with increased risk of add/adhd in children.

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] atopic dermatitis (ad) is associated with chronic itch, allergic disease and sleep disturbance, all of which might increase the risk of attention deficit (hyperactivity) disorder (add/adhd).

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] some research and clinical observations have linked neurofibromatosis type 1 (nf-1) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd).

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] in recent studies, it is emphasized that inflammation may have a role in adhd.

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] therefore, we hypothesize that clinical features of adhd may be a risk factor for the development of als.

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] findings suggest that adhd comorbidity is largely explained by genetically influenced general psychopathology, but the strong link between adhd and other neurodevelopmental disorders is also substantially driven by unique genetic influences.

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] although attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd) is classified as a neurodevelopmental disorder in the latest diagnostic manuals, it shows phenotypic and genetic associations of similar magnitudes across neurodevelopmental, externalising and internalising disorders.

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] in this study, we aimed to investigate whether there are associations between adhd and serum levels of soluble intercellular adhesion molecules (s-icams) which have important role in inflammatory diseases.

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] in multivariate models adjusting for age, sex, sociodemographics, allergic disease and healthcare utilization, ad was associated with add/adhd in both children [adjusted odds ratio (95% confidence interval), 1·14 (1·03-1·26)] and adults [1·61 (1·25-2·06)].

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd) is the most frequently diagnosed neuropsychiatric disorder of childhood.

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd) is a neurodevelopmental disorder, being one of the most prevalent psychiatric disorders in childhood.

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] ad was most strongly associated with severe adhd.

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd) is one of the most frequently reported neuropsychiatric disorders in childhood.

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd) is the most commonly diagnosed neurobehavioral disorder of childhood.

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd) is a common childhood-oneset psychiatric disease, characterized by excessive overactivity, inattention, and impulsiveness.

Is there a connection between ADHD and neurodermatitis? [SEP] most symptoms of adhd are thought to be associated with a dysbalance between the neurotransmitters noradrenaline and dopamine in the brain. |||

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] collagenase injections are used as a minimally invasive treatment for dupuytren contracture of the palm and fingers, with good published success.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] several studies have investigated the clinical outcome after collagenase treatment for dupuytren's disease in terms of range of motion of the affected finger.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] we present a case of a 61-year-old right hand-dominant male with a 2-year history of isolated right small finger dupuytren's contracture at the dip joint who achieved significant improvement after collagenase injection.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] collagenase injection is a frequently used option for minimally invasive treatment of dupuytren's disease with greater than a 20-degree joint contracture.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] we present early results on the treatment of dupuytren's contracture using injectable collagenase.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] in the short-term collagenase is an effective, well-tolerated   and safe alternative to surgery for dupuytren's disease of the thumb.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] this   prospective study reports on the short-term safety and efficacy   of collagenase treatment in five thumb and first web space dupuytren's   contractures.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] in recent years, the enzyme collagenase has been developed for the percutaneous treatment of dupuytren's contracture, allowing management of the condition as an outpatient.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] collagenase is a safe and effective outpatient-based treatment for dupuytren's contracture, which may be useful in controlling surgical waiting lists.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] collagenase injection is a safe and effective treatment option for dupuytren disease, but recurrence is common especially for the pip joint.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] injection of collagenase clostridium histolyticum, an office-based, nonsurgical option, may reduce joint contractures caused by dupuytren's disease.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] bacterial collagenase has recently been proven beneficial for treating dupuytren's disease, cleaving the collagen fibers at different sites, with weakening and eventually rupture of the fibrous cords after manipulation.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] injectable collagenase is an alternative to surgical   treatment for dupuytren's disease.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] higher hand function at baseline (r2 = 0.31) and less flexion contracture (r2 = 0.46) were identified as positive predictors for the outcome 1 year after collagenase treatment for dupuytren's disease.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] nonsurgical treatment of dupuytren's disease using collagenase clostridium histolyticum (cch).

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] the aim of our study was to investigate the relation between finger’s contracture degree and success of surgical treatment of the dupuytren's disease.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] while dupuytren's disease can cause disabling contractures requiring open surgery, a less-invasive option using clostridium histolyticum collagenase (chc) via percutaneous injection was recently reported.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] collagenase clostridium histolyticum significantly reduced contractures and improved the range of motion in joints affected by advanced dupuytren's disease.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] this technique offers simple surgical control of progressive and recurrent dupuytren's contracture of the fingers with minimal postoperative morbidity.

Can injections with the enzyme collagenase straighten fingers bent by Dupuytren's disease without surgery? (Reader inquiry) [SEP] the aim of the present study was to identify predictors of patient-reported as well as objective clinical outcome in patients 1 year after collagenase treatment for dupuytren's disease. |||

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] mindfulness-based interventions have shown to be efficient in managing chronic pain.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] mindfulness has been shown to be beneficial for chronic pain.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] mindfulness skills training interventions seem efficacious in increasing physical function and decreasing pain intensity in patients with chronic pain.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] since the first demonstrations that mindfulness-based therapies could have a positive influence on chronic pain patients, numerous studies have been conducted with healthy individuals in an attempt to understand meditative analgesia.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] mindfulness-based training reduces pain in clinical and experimental settings.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] these findings demonstrate that mindfulness meditation reduces pain through unique mechanisms and may foster greater acceptance of meditation as an adjunct pain therapy.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] mindfulness meditation reduces pain in experimental and clinical settings.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] recent findings have demonstrated that mindfulness meditation significantly reduces pain.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] previous research has indicated that mindfulness is a promising treatment pathway for both depression and chronic pain, however, the mechanisms of change underlying mindfulness are unclear.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] a preliminary model is presented for explaining the influence of mindfulness practice on pain.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] this pilot study compared the effect of a 13-weeks cognitive behavioural therapy program with integrated mindfulness meditation (cbtm) in patients with chronic non-malignant pain with a control condition.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] mindfulness-based interventions and hypnosis are efficacious treatments for addressing a large number of psychological and physical conditions, including chronic pain.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] higher levels of mindfulness were associated with lower depression as well as lower pain.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] greater overall mindfulness was associated with lower pain intensity, and greater ability to be nonreactive to inner experiences was associated with both pain intensity and upper extremity physical function in bivariate but not multivariable analyses.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] here, we provide novel evidence demonstrating that mindfulness meditation produces greater pain relief and employs distinct neural mechanisms than placebo cream and sham mindfulness meditation.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] the aim of this study was to assess if mindfulness has a relationship to physical function and pain intensity in patients with upper extremity illness.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] mindfulness-based intervention has been found efficacious in reducing persistent pain in women treated for breast cancer.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] mindfulness-based pain management programs (mbpms) aim to improve mental and physical health in individuals with chronic pain.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] mindfulness meditation reduced pain intensity (p = 0.032) and pain unpleasantness (p < 0.001) ratings more than placebo analgesia.

Do mindfulness-based methods effect improvement in chronic pain? [SEP] although changing or controlling pain is not an explicit aim of mbis, recent experimental studies suggest that mindfulness practice may lead to changes in pain tolerance and pain intensity ratings. |||

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] prenatal and perinatal exposures to air pollutants have been shown to adversely affect birth outcomes in offspring and may contribute to prevalence of autism spectrum disorder (asd).

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] risks for autism in children may increase following in utero exposure to ambient air toxics from urban traffic and industry emissions, as measured by community-based air-monitoring stations.

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] studies from the united states indicate that exposure to air pollution in early life is associated with autism spectrum disorders (asd) in children, but the evidence is not consistent with european data.

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] perinatal exposure to traffic-related air pollution and autism spectrum disorders.

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] recent studies have reported associations between perinatal exposure to air pollutants and autism spectrum disorder (asd) in children.

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] here, we examine risks for autism in children related to in utero exposure to monitored ambient air toxics from urban emissions.

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] exposure to ambient air pollution is widespread and may be detrimental to human brain development and a potential risk factor for autism spectrum disorder (asd).

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] exposure to traffic-related air pollution, nitrogen dioxide, pm2.5, and pm10 during pregnancy and during the first year of life was associated with autism.

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] prenatal exposure to air pollution has been associated with autism spectrum disorder (asd) risk but no study has examined associations with asd severity or functioning.

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] maternal exposure to environmental pollutants could affect fetal brain development and increase autism spectrum disorder (asd) risk in conjunction with differential genetic susceptibility.

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] some recent human and animal studies have suggested that air pollution may affect the central nervous system and contribute to neurodevelopmental outcomes, such as autism spectrum disorder (asd).

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] recent studies link air pollutant exposure to adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes, including increased risk for autism, cognitive decline, ischemic stroke, schizophrenia, and depression.

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] examination of hazardous pollutants has suggested the importance of air toxics in the etiology of autism, yet little research has examined its association with local levels of air pollution using residence-specific exposure assignments.

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] to answer the question: "is developmental exposure to air pollution associated with asd?"

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] perinatal exposure to air pollutants may increase risk for asd.

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] children with autism were more likely to live at residences that had the highest quartile of exposure to traffic-related air pollution, during gestation (aor, 1.98 [95% ci, 1.20-3.31]) and during the first year of life (aor, 3.10 [95% ci, 1.76-5.57]), compared with control children.

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] recent studies have reported associations between air pollution exposure and neurodevelopmental disorders in children, but the role of pre- and postnatal exposure has not been elucidated.

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] to examine the relationship between traffic-related air pollution, air quality, and autism.

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] we aimed to explore the risk for autism spectrum disorders (asd) and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd) among children in relation to pre- and postnatal exposure to air pollution from road traffic.

Does high air pollution increase the risk for the unborn to develop autism later in life? [SEP] we examined the association between autism and proximity of residence to freeways and major roadways during pregnancy and near the time of delivery, as a surrogate for air pollution exposure. |||

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] these results, support the regular consumption of whole apples as an aid in the prevention of cvd.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] apples are among the world's most consumed fruits.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] this narrative review summarizes a novel integrated view of whole-apple intake, cvd risk association (through observational studies; oss), and the effects on cvd risk factors (randomized trials; rts).

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] apples and apple-based products are among the most popular foods around the world for their delightful flavors and health benefits.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] in 8 oss, whole-apple intake was associated with a reduced risk of cvd mortality, ischemic heart disease mortality, stroke mortality, all-cause mortality, and severe abdominal aortic calcification, as well as with lower c-reactive protein (crp) concentrations.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] the saying "an apple a day keeps the doctor away" has been known for over 150 years, and numerous studies have shown that apple consumption is closely associated with reduced risks of chronic diseases.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] apple is among the most consumed fruits worldwide.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] thus, consuming between 100 and 150 g/day of whole apples is associated with a lower cvd risk and decreases in blood pressure, pulse pressure, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and inflammation status as well as with increases in hdlc and endothelial function.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] apple peels have high concentrations of phenolic compounds and may assist in the prevention of chronic diseases.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] studies have shown an inverse relationship between the consumption of apples and the risk of several cancers.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] apples abundant in phenolic compounds show a variety of biological activities that may contribute to health beneficial effects against cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, obesity and cancer.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] in 8 rts, whole-apple consumption reduced total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, systolic blood pressure, pulse pressure, and plasma inflammatory cytokines, and noticeably reduced crp, whereas it increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (hdlc) and improved endothelial function.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] our data suggested that ape possesses strong antiproliferative effects against cancer cells, and apple peels should not be discarded from the diet.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] apple proliferation is an economically important disease and a threat for commercial apple cultivation.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] this study tested how consuming preloads of apples in different forms prior to a meal (apple, applesauce, and apple juice with and without added fiber) influences satiety and energy intake at meal.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] apple pomace is a rich source of health-benefitting nutrients, including minerals, dietary fiber, antioxidants, and ursolic acid, which suggests it has potential use as a dietary supplement, functional food, and/or food additive.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] however, while the impact of whole-apple intake on cardiovascular disease (cvd) remains unknown.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] however, the commonly found mold, penicillium expansum invades wounded apples, causing the blue mold decay and ensuing the production of patulin, a mycotoxin that negatively affects human health.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] millions of pounds of waste apple peels are generated in the production of applesauce and canned apples in new york state each year.

Is it harmful to health to eat apple cores with the apple? [SEP] fresh apples can cause birch pollen-related food allergy in northern and central european populations, primarily because of the presence of mal d 1, the major apple allergen that is cross-reactive to the homologous and sensitizing allergen bet v 1 from birch. |||

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] selenium has been shown to prevent cancer in a variety of animal model systems.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] these findings support the hypothesis that oral selenium supplementation may contribute to the cancer preventive effects of selenium.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] the efficacy of selenium supplementation for cancer prevention in women and men?

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] selenium has been claimed to have chemo-preventive properties.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] selenium supplementation did not reduce skin cancer rates, but the incidence of total, lung, colorectal, and prostate cancers was significantly reduced by the intervention.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] the micronutrient element selenium (se) has been shown to be effective in reducing the incidence of cancer in animal models and human clinical trials.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] daily supplementation with the essential trace mineral selenium significantly reduced prostate cancer risk in men in the nutritional prevention of cancer trial.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] to date, there is no convincing evidence that selenium supplements can prevent cancer in men, women or children.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] a recent well-controlled intervention trial studied whether selenium supplementation can prevent cancer in subjects who have a history of skin cancer and live in areas of the united states with low soil selenium levels.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] higher selenium exposure and selenium supplements have been suggested to protect against several types of cancers.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] selenium (se) is a chemo-preventive agent that has been shown to have a protective role against cancer.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] the trace element selenium is suggested having cancer prevention activity and used as food supplement.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] selenium (se) has long been known for its cancer prevention properties, but the molecular basis remains unclear.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] the dietary trace element selenium has been proposed to be a potential chemopreventive agent for prostate cancer.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] there is considerable interest in the trace element selenium as a possible cancer chemopreventive dietary component, but supplementation trials have not indicated a clear benefit.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] epidemiological and clinical data suggest that selenium may prevent prostate cancer, but the biological effects of selenium on normal or malignant prostate cells are not well known.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] in epidemiologic data, we found a reduced cancer incidence (summary odds ratio (or) 0.69 (95% confidence interval (ci) 0.53 to 0.91) and mortality (or 0.55, 95% ci 0.36 to 0.83) with higher selenium exposure.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] recent evidence suggests that selenium may mediate its chemopreventive effects by inducing apoptosis in human prostate cancer cells.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] in these studies, selenium supplementation has been shown to be beneficial in reducing the frequency of dna adducts and chromosome breaks, consequentially reducing the likelihood of detrimental mutations that ultimately contribute to carcinogenesis.

Can taking selenium prevent cancer? [SEP] the trace element selenium is an essential micronutrient that has received considerable attention for its potential use in the prevention of cancer. |||

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] mesotherapy showed a good effect to reduce acute and chronic musculoskeletal pain and, also, it is a well-tolerated treatment.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] mesotherapy provides general practitioners with another tool for the treatment of local pain.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] mesotherapy can be included as an ancillary treatment in the management of localized pain in rehabilitation, but there are no definitive treatment protocols for this approach.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] mesotherapy, as broadly defined, represents a variety of minimally invasive techniques in which medications are directly injected into the skin and underlying tissue in order to improve musculoskeletal, neurologic, and cosmetic conditions.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] mesotherapy was first introduced in europe for the treatment of localized pain.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] mesotherapy is a technique which involves microinjections of conventional homeopathic medication and/ or vitamins into the mesoderm or middle layer of the skin to promote healing or corrective treatment to a specific area of the body.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] five studies analyzed spine diseases (specifically, two was about chronic and nonspecific neck pain, two about acute low back pain and one about chronic spinal pain): the results of mesotherapy treatment are encouraging both for the resolution of acute and chronic musculoskeletal vertebral pain from one to five sessions.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] results demonstrate massage therapy is effective for treating pain compared to no treatment [standardized mean difference (smd)  = -.20] and active (smd = -0.55) comparators.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] the reports concerning about mesotherapy is increasing in number in the literature.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] there are reported systemic and local side effects of mesotherapy.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] results demonstrate massage therapy effectively treats pain compared to sham [standardized mean difference (smd) = -.44], no treatment (smd = -1.14), and active (smd = -0.26) comparators.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] the following algorithm was developed, based on the pico acronym, to evaluate the effects of mesotherapy, with pain as the primary outcome (mesh terms): [mesotherapy and pain], [mesotherapy and musculoskeletal], [mesotherapy and musculoskeletal disorder], [intradermal therapy and pain], and [intradermal therapy and musculoskeletal disorder].

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] results indicate massage therapy is effective for treating pain [standardized mean difference (smd) = -0.79] and anxiety (smd = -0.57) compared to active comparators.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] the purpose of this review was to examine new indications for more standard protocols of mesotherapy in rehabilitation.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] multivitamin and hyaluronic acid solution facial mesotherapy does not appear to provide any significant benefit.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] massage therapy is weakly recommended for reducing pain, compared to other sham or active comparators, and improving mood and health-related quality of life, compared to other active comparators.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] based on the evidence, massage therapy, compared to no treatment, should be strongly recommended as a pain management option.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] massage therapy is commonly practiced among patients seeking pain management; however, its efficacy is unclear.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] massage therapy is commonly practiced among patients seeking pain management; however, its efficacy is unclear.

Does mesotherapy help against pain? [SEP] massage therapy is commonly practiced among patients seeking pain management; however, its efficacy is unclear. |||

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] individuals who have periodic health examinations ("check-ups") with physicians even if they feel well have higher rates of screening and other preventive services than individuals who only see physicians when ill.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] what are the benefits and harms of general health checks for adult populations?

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] the results suggest that additional appropriate clinical tests may improve the effectiveness of physical checkups and thus result in health benefits for elderly persons.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] in general, the benefits of such efforts have become more apparent, but depend also upon general health and life expectancy of the individual.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] with increasing life expectancy over the past 50 years, screening for treatable illness and active measures to prevent disease and promote a healthy lifestyle have become increasingly important for older patients.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] compared with usual care, offers of health checks were not associated with lower rates of all-cause mortality, mortality from cardiovascular disease, or mortality from cancer.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] patients at high risk of disease may benefit from targeted health checks in general practice.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] health checks may promote a fluid patient-provider relationship, improve the delivery of some preventive measures, and reduce the patient's anxiety.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] this study assessed whether individuals' beliefs about the advisability of periodic health examinations contribute to the likelihood that they receive recommended clinical preventive services.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] people's beliefs about the value of periodic health examinations are associated with the likelihood that they receive recommended preventative services.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] to determine whether some health behaviors of older people (e.g., obtaining cancer screens) have a limited and others (e.g., exercise) have a broad association with population-level health status 4 to 6 years later.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] this possibility has led to public health programs which recommend populations to have periodic screening examinations for detecting specific chronic diseases, for example, cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular disease and so on.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] the general health check, which includes the periodic health visit and annual physical exam, is not recommended to maintain the health of asymptomatic adults with no risk factors.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] health checks may be associated with more diagnoses and more drug treatment.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] the earlier detection of disease may lead to more cures or longer survival.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] they range from periodic health evaluations with a general physician, through the screening and diagnostic tests derived from these visits, to broader screening programs.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] this article attempts to answer six questions about the periodic health examination in order to establish whether it is of enough value to warrant the time spent.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] compared with no follow-up, the current schedule showed a gain in life expectancy with a range from 0.3 years to 1.5 years that decreased with advancing age.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] practice of health behaviors with a broader focus is associated, at a population level, with better functional status and self-rated health and lower rates of hospitalization and death 4 to 6 years later.

Do general health checkups lead to longer life? [SEP] there is little information to indicate whether frequent visits to the doctor's office or frequent testing improves survival or quality of life. |||

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] whether therapies will prevent some dementia can be determined.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] is it possible to prevent atrophy of key brain regions related to cognitive decline and alzheimer's disease (ad)?

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] recently, it has been suggested that up to a third of the dementia cases might be preventable.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] the prevention of dementia is of critical importance.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] based on results from large cohort studies and using population attributable risk, the commission concluded that up to 35% of dementia cases could be prevented by modifying nine risk factors: low education, midlife hearing loss, obesity, hypertension, late-life depression, smoking, physical inactivity, diabetes, and social isolation.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] while prevention is always better than cure, this is particularly important in the field of dementia, as current interventions are not able to modify the disease.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] until a cure exists, prevention through the identification and manipulation of modifiable risk factors for dementia, in general, or ad, in particular, will be our only means of reducing dementia prevalence or delaying its onset.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] at present, vascular risk factor management, lifestyle changes, and drugs could be employed together to delay the onset of dementia syndromes.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] this article revises the evidence "for" and "against" dementia primary prevention.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] prevention of vascular dementia involves treatment of risk factors and the same preventive measures used to avoid heart attacks and strokes.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] there has been a move in recent years to recognize that the most effective treatment for vascular dementia, and for the mixed component of mixed vascular dementia and alzheimer's disease, lies not in treatment but in prevention.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] there are evidences that the risk of developing dementia may be reduced by modifiable risk factors.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] the 2017 national academy of medicine report concluded that the current evidence is limited and there are no specific interventions to warrant a public health recommendation for dementia prevention.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] clarifying the potential of these factors to mitigate risk as well as determining the mechanisms that link these factors to dementia is expected to lead to new approaches for both preventing and treating neurodegenerative diseases such as alzheimer disease.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] cognitive impairment associated with vascular disease may be the only preventable form of dementia of late life.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] however, evidence from large clinical trials is not conclusive to support that a third of dementia cases might be prevented.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] the possible association of vascular disease with dementia may offer the best preventive high-risk approach.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] symptomatic treatment during the dementia stage of alzheimer's disease(ad) cannot delay or halt the progression of this disease.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] while there is no doubt that prevention is desirable, the evidence of the benefits of early intervention and treatment for older hospitalised patients with dementia is unclear.

Can dementia be prevented? [SEP] therefore, prevention in the preclinical stage is likely the most effective way to decrease the incidence of this age-associated neurodegenerative condition, and its associated burden for individuals and society. |||

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] many studies suggest a protective role of beta-carotene against cancer.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] evidence supports the potential role of beta-carotene in cancer prevention.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] several studies suggest that beta-carotene reduces the risk of some cancers.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggest that beta-carotene is able to modulate the risk of cancer.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] beta-carotene and other carotenoids have been thought to have anti-cancer activity, either because of antioxidant activity or because of their ability to be converted to vitamin a.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] dietary beta-carotene has been shown to have cancer chemopreventive action on the basis of epidemiologic evidence and studies in animals.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] there is a growing body of interest on the role of beta-carotene and other carotenoids in human chronic diseases, including cancer.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] beta-carotene, a quencher of excited species such as singlet oxygen and free radicals, has been reported to protect against cutaneous photodamage, including sunburn acutely and photocarcinogenesis chronically.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] a number of in vitro studies reported that beta-carotene inhibits the growth of cancer cells; however, so far little is known about the molecular mechanisms of the antiproliferative effect of beta-carotene.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] we hypothesized that beta-carotene may act as a pro- or anticancerogenic agent by modulating pathways involved in cell growth and that such a modulation may involve a redox mechanism.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] basic research has demonstrated that beta-carotene can trap organic free radicals and/or deactivate excited oxygen molecules which may have an anticancer effect by preventing tissue damage.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] it has been implied that the antiperoxidative activity of beta-carotene is important for its ability to prevent malignant and cardiovascular diseases.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] the anticarcinogenic action of carotenoids such as beta-carotene has been frequently ascribed to their antioxidant properties.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] although epidemiologic studies have demonstrated that a high intake of vegetables containing beta-carotene lowers the risk of cancer, recent intervention studies have revealed that beta-carotene supplementation to smokers resulted in a high incidence of lung cancer.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] while epidemiological evidence shows that people who ingest more dietary carotenoids exhibit a reduced risk for cancer, results from intervention trials indicate that supplemental beta-carotene enhances lung cancer incidence and mortality among smokers.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] the present study demonstrates that beta-carotene, a natural pigment widely present in fruit and vegetables, inhibits the growth of several human colon adenocarcinoma cell lines (colo 320 hsr, ls-174, ht-29 and widr) by inducing cell cycle arrest in g(2)/m phase and apoptosis.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] although the pharmacological role of beta-carotene in the prevention and treatment of colon cancer has received increasing attention, little is known about the molecular mechanisms of action of this carotenoid.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] dietary beta-carotene acts as a photoprotective agent in the skin, but the exact mechanism of protection is unknown.

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] these results indicate that dietary beta-carotene accumulates in the skin and acts as a protective agent against uv-a-induced oxidative damage, by quenching the (1)o(2).

Does the plant pigment beta-carotene protect against cancer? [SEP] the various epidemiological studies suggested that high beta-carotene intake might reduce the incidence of the cancer risk. |||

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] do antioxidant vitamins, in regular food or as food supplements, protect against myocardial infarction and stroke?

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the prospect that high intake of certain vitamins may confer protection against cancer has drawn substantial attention during the last decades.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] some good-quality cohort studies have reported an association between the use of vitamin supplements and lower risk for cardiovascular disease.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] this paper gives a concise update of the role of a number of promising vitamins in prevention of cancer.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] chronic human health problems, namely arteriosclerosis, myocardial ischemia, and cancer, may be caused by highly active oxygen species and may be preventable by antioxidant vitamins.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] increasing evidence is accumulating that a synergistic role of the so-called antioxidant vitamins (c, e, beta-carotene) may have a dominant role in the prevention of cancer, cardiovascular diseases and cataract formation.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] higher intake of fruits and vegetables is associated with reduced risk of specific types of cancer and of cardiovascular disease (cvd), but the protective role of the vitamins contained in fruits and vegetables on cvd is controversial.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] dietary supplements at high doses as part of medical therapy have been controversial, but the evidence suggests that they play a significant role in prevention and treatment of diseases as well as protection from accelerated aging that results from oxygen free-radical damage, inflammation, and glycation.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in observational studies (case-control or cohort design), people with high intake of antioxidant vitamins by regular diet or as food supplements generally have a lower risk of myocardial infarction and stroke than people who are low-consumers of antioxidant vitamins.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] epidemiological data suggest that diets rich in antioxidants protect against diseases associated with free radical damage, including cancer, cardiovascular disease and diabetes.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] antioxidant vitamins are thought to play a role in atherosclerosis.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the production of free radicals may favour the processes of atherosclerosis, and antioxidant vitamins (including beta-carotene), which partly prevent such processes, might favorably influence cardiovascular disease (cvd); thus, their supplementation might be a useful tool in the prevention of coronary heart disease (chd).

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] growing evidence suggest that antioxidant vitamins might reduce the risk of disease outcomes by their ability to scavenge free radicals.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] foods rich in vitamins, especially those containing beta carotene and vitamin c, lower the risk of cancer in humans.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] evidence from several lines of research indicates a role for vitamin c in the prevention of some types of cancer in addition to a possible role in hypercholesterolemia and other conditions.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] supplementation of these nutrients has been explored as a means of reducing cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] however, several recent studies have failed to demonstrate the efficacy of vitamin supplementation in preventing several types of cancer.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] vitamin supplementation at doses higher than the recommended daily allowance is, at present, an unknown factor in preventing cancer and may cause toxic effects in some instances.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in randomized controlled trials, however, antioxidant vitamins as food supplements have no beneficial effects in the primary prevention of myocardial infarction and stroke.

Can vitamin supplements protect against life-threatening diseases such as cancer or cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in this systematic literature review on the effects of antioxidant vitamins in the primary prevention of cardiovascular disorders, studies with ischaemic heart disease, stroke or combined cardiovascular events as end-points have been included. |||

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] however, recent clinical studies of statin-treated subjects with established atherosclerosis cast doubt on the hypothesis that elevating hdl cholesterol levels reduces cvd risk.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] many lines of evidence indicate that low levels of hdl cholesterol increase the risk of cardiovascular disease (cvd).

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] hypercholesterolemia is a major risk factor for coronary heart disease, and data indicate that aggressive cholesterol reduction decreases mortality and morbidity associated with this disease.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the benefits of decreasing cholesterol to very low levels are not yet certain, although epidemiologic reviews strongly correlate lower cholesterol levels with lowered coronary artery disease mortality.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] there is broad evidence that lowering low-density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol will reduce cardiovascular risk.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] despite the impressive relation between an increased blood cholesterol and increased mortality from coronary artery disease and despite the persuasive results of cholesterol-lowering trials in secondary prevention, there are increasing reservations about the wisdom of lowering moderately raised blood cholesterol levels in patients who have no symptoms of coronary artery disease.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] epidemiologic evidence links high levels of low density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol and low levels of high density lipoprotein (hdl) cholesterol to increased risk of coronary heart disease.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] hypercholesterolemia, particularly an elevated level of low-density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol, is an unarguably established risk factor for coronary artery disease (cad).

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] measurements of low levels of high-density lipoprotein (hdl) cholesterol have been identified as a risk factor for premature coronary artery disease, however, to date, current pharmacologic approaches for raising hdl have provided little benefit, if at all, in reducing cardiovascular outcomes.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] t***he current control of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol among patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease is very low and this is associated with an increase of cardiovascular outcomes.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] however, several large studies recently revealed that pharmacologic interventions that increase hdl-c concentration have not improved cardiovascular outcomes when added to standard therapy.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the reduction of low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (ldl-chol) has been associated with a decrease in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] trial evidence shows that effective lowering of serum total cholesterol and particularly of low-density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol is important for the prevention of total mortality, coronary artery disease mortality, and major coronary events.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] it is uncertain whether pharmacological reductions in very-low-density lipoproteins (vldls), and their component triglyceride and cholesterol could reduce residual risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ascvd) events among individuals in whom low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c) has been adequately lowered.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] to minimize chd risk, elevated blood pressure and atherogenic lipid levels should be lowered, but various antihypertensive agents appear to adversely affect lipid levels, actually precluding the chd risk reduction expected from blood pressure control.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] aggressive treatment of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c) fails to prevent most cardiovascular (cv) events.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] clinical and angiographic intervention trials have now ascertained that lowering ldl cholesterol is effective in prevention and in secondary treatment of coronary atherosclerosis.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in addition, specific genetic variants that raise hdl-c levels are not clearly associated with reduced risk of coronary heart disease.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] there is no evidence--yet--that lowering ldl and raising hdl alleviate that risk.

Is it true that lowering cholesterol does not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] there is no sound evidence that reduction of serum cholesterol below 200-210 mg/dl will reduce ihd incidence. |||

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] how are static magnets used in attempts to treat pain?

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] how common is the use of magnets to treat pain?

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] static magnets are marketed with claims of effectiveness for reducing pain, although evidence of scientific principles or biological mechanisms to support such claims is limited.

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] the application of static magnets over painful knee joints appears to reduce pain and enhance functional movement.

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] what is known from the scientific evidence about the effectiveness of magnets in treating pain?

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] are there scientific controversies associated with using magnets for pain?

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] static magnets have become an increasingly popular alternative therapy for individuals with musculoskeletal pain despite limited scientific evidence to support their efficacy or safety.

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] the aim of this review was to establish whether there is evidence for or against the efficacy of static magnets to produce analgesia.

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] have any side effects or complications occurred from using magnets for pain?

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] background: magnet therapy has been used increasingly as a new method to alleviate pain.

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] what is the history of the discovery and use of magnets to treat pain?

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] what should consumers know if they are considering using magnets to treat pain?

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] a systematic literature review was undertaken of studies that compared the use of static magnets with an appropriate control for the treatment of pain.

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] to determine the effects of static magnets on the pain and functional limitations associated with chronic knee pain due to degenerative joint disease.

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] magnetic products are marketed with claims of effectiveness for reducing pain of various origins.

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] magnets did not alter pain perception during the three stimuli.

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] if these two studies are excluded on the grounds of inadequate treatment, then 11 out of 15 (73.3%) of the better quality studies demonstrated a positive effect of static magnets in achieving analgesia across a broad range of different types of pain (neuropathic, inflammatory, musculoskeletal, fibromyalgic, rheumatic, and postsurgical).

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] the weight of evidence from published, well-conducted controlled trials suggests that static magnetic fields are able to induce analgesia.

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] overall, 13 of the 21 studies reported a significant analgesic effect due to static magnets.

Do static magnets help against pain? [SEP] the evidence does not support the use of static magnets for pain relief, and therefore magnets cannot be recommended as an effective treatment. |||

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] to determine the definite efficacy of hypnosis in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] hypnotherapy is an evidence based intervention for the treatment of functional bowel disorders, particularly irritable bowel syndrome.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] hypnosis improves irritable bowel syndrome (ibs), but the mechanism is unknown.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] recent controlled studies in the field of gastroenterology have shown that hypnotherapy is unequivocally beneficial in conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome and peptic ulceration.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] in conclusion, hypnosis improves ibs symptoms through reductions in psychological distress and somatization.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] however, according to some previous research studies, hypnosis has been shown to be effective in the treatment of ibs.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] patients with severe irritable bowel syndrome received seven biweekly hypnosis sessions and used hypnosis audiotapes at home.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of hypnotherapy for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] gut-directed hypnotherapy is considered to be an effective treatment in irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) but few studies report the long-term effects.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] hypnotherapy has been reported to have beneficial effects for ibs symptoms.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] gut-directed hypnotherapy is being increasingly applied to patients with irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) and to a lesser extent, inflammatory bowel disease (ibd).

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] gut-directed hypnotherapy has durable efficacy in patients with ibs and possibly ulcerative colitis.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] the therapeutic effect of hypnotherapy was found to be superior to that of a waiting list control or usual medical management, for abdominal pain and composite primary ibs symptoms, in the short term in patients who fail standard medical therapy.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] a systematic review of the literature on hypnosis in the treatment of ibs from 1970 to 2005 was performed using medline.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] this long-term follow-up study indicates that gut-directed hypnotherapy in refractory ibs is an effective treatment option with long-lasting effects, also when given outside highly specialized hypnotherapy centers.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] we aimed to compare the effectiveness of gut-directed hypnotherapy versus standard medical treatment (smt) for ibs-type symptoms in ibd patients.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] although there are some methodologic inadequacies, all studies show that hypnotherapy is highly effective for patients with refractory ibs, but definite efficacy of hypnosis in the treatment of ibs remains unclear due to lack of controlled trials supporting this finding.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] to review the technique, mechanisms of action and evidence for efficacy, and to identify gaps in the understanding of gut-directed hypnotherapy as a treatment for ibs and ibd.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] rectal pain thresholds, rectal smooth muscle tone, and autonomic functioning (except sweat gland reactivity) were unaffected by hypnosis treatment.

Does hypnosis help with chronic bowel problems? [SEP] this report reviews and compares the effectiveness of hypnotherapy in the treatment of crohn's disease vis-a-vis current medical and surgical therapies, in addition to reviewing evidence of the modulation of immune function parameters by hypnosis, while providing support for current etiological hypotheses of crohn's disease as an autoimmune disorder. |||

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] there is increasing evidence of the effect of maternal vitamin d intake during pregnancy on the risk of asthma and allergic outcomes in offspring.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] maternal intake of vitamin d in pregnancy is a potentially modifiable but understudied risk factor for the development of asthma in children.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] there are investigations concluding that reduced vitamin d status in pregnancy, may be a risk factor for the development of allergic outcomes in offspring.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] inclusion of foods containing vitamin d in maternal diets during pregnancy may have beneficial effects on childhood allergic rhinitis.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] in conclusion, for "allergy high-risk" infants who had sufficient vitamin d status at birth, early infancy oral vitamin d supplementation does not appear to reduce the development of early childhood allergic disease.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] excess vitamin a (≥2.5 times the recommended intake) during pregnancy was associated with increased risk, whereas vitamin d intake close to recommendations was associated with a reduced risk of asthma in school-age children.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] lower vitamin d status at birth and during infancy has been associated with increased incidence of eczema and food allergies.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] the combined role of prenatal and postnatal vitamin d status in the development of food sensitization (fs) and food allergy remains understudied.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] prenatal and early postnatal vitamin d levels, along with individual genetic susceptibility, should be considered in assessing the role of vitamin d in the development of fs and food allergy.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate the effect of early infancy vitamin d supplementation on allergic disease outcomes in infants at "hereditary risk" of allergic disease, but who had sufficient vitamin d levels at birth.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] literature published through april 2015 was searched for studies reporting on the association between maternal pregnancy or cord blood vitamin d status and childhood allergy and infection.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] vitamin d deficiency in pregnancy and lactation increases the risk of adverse perinatal outcomes; however, although vitamin d supplementation during pregnancy and lactation is recommended, suggested dose ranges vary.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] we investigated the association between maternal use of vitamin d, n-3 fatty acids (fa) and fe supplements during pregnancy and risk for cd autoimmunity (cda) and cd in the offspring.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] each 100 iu/d of food-based vitamin d intake during the first and second trimesters (equivalent to the amount of vitamin d in an 8-ounce serving of milk) was associated with 21% and 20% reduced odds of ever allergic rhinitis at school age (odds ratios of 0.79 [95% ci, 0.67-0.92] and 0.80 [95% ci, 0.68-0.93]), respectively.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] we investigated whether maternal vitamin d intake in pregnancy is associated with decreased risks of wheezing symptoms in young children.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] this systematic review seeks to assess the effect of in utero vitamin d exposure on childhood allergy and infection outcomes using the prisma guidelines.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] prenatal vitamin d insufficiency may be associated with an increased risk of developing childhood asthma.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] increasing maternal vitamin d intakes during pregnancy may decrease the risk of wheeze symptoms in early childhood.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] vitamin d intake in pregnancy or by the child in early life did not predict later celiac disease.

Does taking vitamin D supplements during pregnancy increase the risk of food allergy for the unborn child? [SEP] observational studies have suggested that increased dietary vitamin d intake during pregnancy may protect against wheezing in the offspring, but the preventive effect of vitamin d supplementation to pregnant women is unknown. |||

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] although hormone therapy using estrogens plus progestogens (ept) is effective for the management of menopausal symptoms (e.g., vasomotor symptoms and vulvar/vaginal atrophy) and prevention/treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis, ept is associated with safety and tolerability concerns.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] estrogen, with or without a progestin, is effective for the treatment of menopausal symptoms.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] while there are a number of benefits to the health of postmenopausal women from use of unopposed estrogens, the increased risk of endometrial cancer related to these hormones has led many women to use combined estrogen-progestogen therapy instead, or not to use hormones at all.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] to evaluate the effect of a 17beta-estradiol(e2)/norgestimate (ngm) hrt regimen, which provides constant estrogen in combination with pulsed progestin administration, on endometrial histology in healthy postmenopausal women 40 to 65 years of age who had experienced natural menopause at least 12 months before the start of the study.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] postmenopausal women who receive sequential hormone replacement therapy with estrogen combined with progestogen for 10 to 24 d/mo for a prolonged period may have an elevated endometrial cancer risk relative to those who have never received hormone replacement therapy.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] hormone replacement therapy (hrt) with estrogen alleviates menopausal symptoms and is effective in reducing osteoporosis and cardiovascular disease when taken in early postmenopause.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] there is some increased risk of endometrial cancer from estrogen-replacement therapy; however, added progestin decreases this risk to less than that observed in untreated postmenopausal women.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] older, late postmenopausal women who never previously received hrt are also believed to benefit from estrogen treatment.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] the use of estrogens in postmenopausal women has been the subject of much controversy regarding hormone formulation, dosage, use in combination with progestins, duration of treatment, and contraindications.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] the use of estrogens in postmenopausal women has been the subject of much controversy regarding hormone formulation, dosage, use in combination with progestins, duration of treatment, and contraindications.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] both positive and negative outcomes of hormone therapy are reported in postmenopausal women.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] to critically review the risks and benefits of hormone therapy for asymptomatic postmenopausal women who are considering long-term hormone therapy to prevent disease or to prolong life.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] hormone therapy (ht) is prescribed during or after menopausal transition to replace the decline in estrogen and progesterone levels.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] hormone replacement therapy may increase the quality of life of postmenopausal women.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] menopausal hormone therapy (mht) is the most effective method of treating vasomotor symptoms and other climacteric symptoms related to estrogen deficiency in peri- and postmenopausal period.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] a total of 1,253 postmenopausal women were randomized to receive either continuous 1 mg e2, or constant estrogen, pulsed progestin regimens of 1 mg e2/30 microg ngm, 1 mg e2/90 microg ngm, or 1 mg e2/180 microg ngm (3 days on, 3 days off) in a 12-month, multicenter, double-blind study.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] progestins are included in menopausal hormone replacement therapy to counteract the increased risk for endometrial cancer associated with estrogen replacement therapy.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] both estrogens and progestins are effective in retarding the progression of osteoporosis, but estrogen-progestin combination therapy may promote new bone formation.

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] postmenopausal women with vasomotor and vaginal symptoms are commonly treated with estrogens or combined estrogen/progestin therapy (hormone therapy).

Is combined hormone therapy with estrogen and progestin safe for women in late menopause (after the last menstrual period)? [SEP] we investigated whether daily use of estrogen and progestogen (continuous combined hormone replacement therapy) could diminish any excess endometrial cancer risk. |||

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] pain expectancy may be an important variable that has been found to influence the effectiveness of treatments for pain.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] an expectation variable with three categories was calculated: realistic expectations were those whose expected reduction in pain was similar to the observed mean group reduction in pain, while optimistic and pessimistic expectations were those who over- or under-estimated the expected response to treatment, respectively.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] background: nocebo effects contribute to a large proportion of the non-specific side-effects attributed to medications and are mainly generated through negative expectations.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] negative emotions increase pain, and it is hypothesized that placebos reduce pain by reducing negative emotions, i.e.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] previous reviews show that interventions designed to change participants' expectations have a small effect on pain experience.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] negative preconceived beliefs about the benefits of morphine use are frequently seen in hospitalized patients and may be associated with reports of severe pain, poor patient satisfaction, impaired rehabilitation, and possibly more chronic postsurgical pain.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] decreasing unrealistic side-effect expectations may lead to decreased experience of side-effects and increased adherence to medical interventions.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] this narrative review focuses on underlying mechanisms and possible factors that contribute to the susceptibility to the nocebo effect on pain and related outcomes and suggests strategies that can prevent, minimize, or extinguish nocebo effects in clinical settings.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] examining the relationship between expectations between pain and disability in a large cohort of patients with neuropathic pain.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] the new aspect of the presented model is the hypothesis that expectations reduce negative emotions, and that negative reinforcement that involves the dopaminergic reinforcement system should be a contributor to placebo responses.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] the association between baseline realistic/unrealistic expectations and 6-month pain-related disability, catastrophizing and psychological distress was assessed.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] patients in pain often fear medications prescribed or recommend to them by their clinicians.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] first, expectations and impressions about a medication and beliefs about how a medication works, such as delay of onset, can shape a patient's perceived experience with the medication.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] self-reported side effects of pain medication are important determinants of treatment course that can affect patient adherence, medication discontinuation and physician decisions.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] however, after adjustment for baseline symptom severity, multivariable analysis revealed that patients with optimistic expectations had lower levels of disability, than those with realistic expectations.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] the hypothesis put forth is that expectations of treatment effects reduce negative emotions and thereby reduce symptoms, e.g.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] evidence from clinical and experimental studies lead to various recommendations and strategies to alter the nocebo effect in order to optimize pain treatments, such as providing patients with enhanced information, optimizing patient-physician communication and relationships, and offering psychoeducation on coping skills in order to manage patient expectations.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] to identify factors associated with side-effect expectations.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] in this study, the physiological and behavioral consequences of chronic pain and its treatment with opioids, along with guidelines for prescribing opioid pain medication, are presented.

Can negative expectancy reduce the effect of pain medications? [SEP] the fear of a patient developing opioid tolerance contributes regularly to the stigmatization and withholding of intrathecal opioid therapy for chronic pain of non-cancer origin. |||

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] we tested the hypothesis that endurance exercise in men is also associated with alterations in reproductive function.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] we conclude that this level of strenuous, long-term endurance exercise does not have major adverse effects on reproductive function in men.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] in conclusion, sex and exercise intensity influence the fmd response to acute aerobic exercise in older adults.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] the lower level of fatigue in the knee extensors and peripheral fatigue in the plantar flexors could partly explain the reports of better performance in females in extreme duration running races as race distance increases.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] together, these findings do not support the need of sex-specific training interventions to increase the tolerance to neuromuscular fatigue in half-marathoners.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] background: beyond the difference in marathon performance when comparing female and male runners, we tested the hypothesis that running strategy does not different according to sex.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] forsyth, jj and burt, d. sex differences in recovery from sprint interval exercise.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] here we investigated sex differences in central and peripheral fatigue and in rate of force development (rfd) in the knee extensors after a half-marathon run.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] it has been shown that females have greater muscular endurance than males and that this advantage is eliminated when blood flow is restricted.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] females exhibited less peripheral fatigue in the plantar flexors than males did after a 110-km ultra-trail-running race and males demonstrated a greater decrease in maximal force loss in the knee extensors.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to test the hypothesis that sex modulates the fmd response to acute aerobic exercise in older adults.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] recent studies indicate that more men than women run fast relative to sex- specific world records and that this sex difference has been historically stable in elite u.s. runners.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] women are capable of longer endurance times compared with men for contractions performed at low to moderate intensities.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] women are known to be less fatigable than men in single-joint exercises, but fatigue induced by running has not been well understood.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] to compare the relative contributions of their functional capacities to performance in relation to sex, two groups of middle-distance runners (24 men and 14 women) were selected on the basis of performances over 1500-m and 3000-m running races.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] it was concluded that the greater sex-specific, essential body fat of women is one determinant of the sex difference in metabolic responses to running and distance running performance.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] the extent to which differences between men and women in cardiorespiratory capacity (vo2max in ml x min-1 x kg ffw-1), percent fat, and running economy (vo2 in ml x min-1 x kg bw-1 at 188 m x min-1) account for the sex difference in 12-min run performance was investigated in 34 male and 34 female recreational runners, 19-35 yr of age.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] it is unknown if sex differences in dynamic endurance exist during low-load blood flow restricted (bfr) resistance exercise.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] if the observed differences between men and women on these variables are truly a function of sex, results of this study provide a biological basis for different distance running performance expectations for men and women.

Is sex as good an endurance workout as running? [SEP] these findings might aid coaches and ultra-marathon runners set long-term training goals considering their sex and age. |||

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] accumulating evidence suggests that non-invasive and invasive brain stimulation may reduce food craving and calorie consumption rendering these techniques potential treatment options for obesity.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] because previous data revealed that transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) of the dlpfc reduces food cravings, we hypothesized that repetitive electric stimulation of the right dlpfc would lower food intake behavior in humans.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] recent studies show that acute neuromodulation of the prefrontal cortex with transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) can decrease food craving, attentional bias to food, and actual food intake.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] some our data show that long-term electrical vagus nerve stimulation (vns), which "mimics" satiety signal from gut, may cause reduction of body mass and decrease in food intake.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) modifies cortical excitability and may facilitate improved control of eating.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) may enhance inhibitory control while reducing food craving and intake.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] recent studies highlight that obesity may alter the electric activity in brain areas triggering appetite and craving.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] in the present study a curve-shift method was used to explicitly differentiate effects of food restriction on brain stimulation rewarding efficacy and performance.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) has been used to suppress food cravings, but there is insufficient evidence to support its application in clinical practice.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] background: transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlpfc) may reduce appetite and caloric intake and may be able to play a role as an adjunct treatment for obesity.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] the study, although preliminary, shows that by stimulating the prefrontal cortex in the rats fed high-caloric nutrients, the feeding behavior can be significantly changed, resulting in significantly inhibited appetite.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlpfc) has already been shown to decrease craving for food.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] we previously showed that vns with high-frequency (10 hz) electrical impulses decreased food intake and body weight in rats.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) is a noninvasive technique used to modulate brain activity.objectives: we tested whether repeated anodal tdcs targeted at the left dlpfc (compared with sham tdcs) has an immediate effect on eating behavior during ad libitum food intake, resulting in weight change, and whether it might influence longer-term food intake-related appetite ratings in individuals with obesity.design: in a randomized parallel-design study combining inpatient and outpatient assessments over 31 d, 23 individuals with obesity [12 men; mean ± sd body mass index (bmi; in kg/m2): 39.3 ± 8.42] received 15 sessions of anodal (i.e., enhancing cortical activity) or sham tdcs aimed at the left dlpfc.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] chronic food restriction lowers the threshold for lateral hypothalamic electrical self-stimulation (lhss).

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] there is growing evidence that vagus nerve stimulation (vns) exerts a suppressive effect on both short- and long-term feeding in animal models.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] transcranial direct current brain stimulation (tdcs) has recently emerged as a safe alternative for treating food addiction via modulating cortical excitability without any high-risk surgical procedure to be utilized.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] previous studies showed that food craving in eating disorders can be weakened with high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlpfc).

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] electrolytic lesions of the ventromedial hypothalamus (vmh) result in marked hyperphagia and obesity, but several studies have found the excess food intake and weight gain to be greatly reduced when lesions are produced by electrocauterization with radio-frequency current.

Can electrical brain stimulation reduce the amount of food eaten? [SEP] the aim of this study was to study whether intestinal electric stimulation (ies) would reduce fat absorption and, thus, would be a potential therapy for obesity. |||

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] further, one of these studies indicated that use of plastic cutting boards in home kitchens is hazardous, whereas use of wooden cutting boards is not.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] these results do not support the often-heard assertion that plastic cutting boards are more sanitary than wood.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] the microbiology of plastic and wooden cutting boards was studied, regarding cross-contamination of foods in home kitchens.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] decontamination of plastic and wooden cutting boards was studied, with a view to preventing cross-contamination of foods in home kitchens.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] the plastic surfaces were consistently cleaner than wood surfaces by this measure, and wood surfaces that had been hand washed five times prior to inoculation were significantly less clean than any other surfaces or treatments.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] plastic cutting boards have been preferred to wood because they can be washed in dishwashers and used in microwave ovens.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] small plastic cutting boards can be cleaned in a dishwasher (as can some specially treated wooden boards), but the dishwasher may distribute the bacteria onto other food-contact surfaces.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] the retention of bacteria on wood and plastic cutting board surfaces and their removal by washing, using protocols consistent with commercial food service, was examined.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] in general, wood is said to dull knives less than plastic, and plastic is seen as less porous than wood.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] fewer bacteria were generally recovered from wooden blocks than from plastic blocks.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] surfaces of plastic and wooden cutting boards were inoculated with up to 109 cfu of escherichia coli or other bacteria in broth culture and later sampled by contact with agar medium for cfu assay or by swabbing for atp bioluminescence assay.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] these results suggest that wood surfaces can absorb moisture and in effect can absorb contaminating bacteria, and the difficulty in removing these bacteria may make this material less desirable from a food safety perspective.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] new plastic cutting surfaces were relatively easy to clean and were microbiologically neutral, but plastic boards with extensive knife scars were difficult to clean manually, especially if they had deposits of chicken fat on them.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] our study indicates that brief "cooking" of wooden boards at a "high" setting in a microwave oven is an effective way to kill bacteria, and thus a very simple and cheap method to protect food against cross-contaminating pathogens.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] recoveries from wooden blocks were generally less than those from plastic blocks, regardless of new or used status; differences increased with holding time.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] most small wooden boards (i.e., those with no metal joiners in them) can be sterilized in a microwave oven, but this should be unnecessary if accumulation of food residues is prevented.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] laboratory models involving cutting boards, tap handles and mobile phones contaminated with escherichia coli and staphylococcus aureus were used to compare the hygiene efficacy of commonly used cleaning methods together with new technologies (sprays, single-use wipes, and chlorine-based disinfectants).

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] cutting boards are commonly perceived as important fomites in cross-contamination of foods with agents such as salmonella spp., despite the lack of supporting epidemiological data.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] new and previously washed wood and plastic surfaces were inoculated with escherichia coli and then washed using standard food service washing and sanitizing procedures.

Are plastic kitchen boards more hygienic than wooden ones? [SEP] electron microscopy revealed a more pronounced wearing of the wood surface as compared to the plastic, with cracks on the wood that were sufficiently wide to entrap bacteria. |||

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] if confirmed in longitudinal studies, our results indicate that consumption of alcoholic beverages may be a risk factor for obesity.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] although the relationship between alcohol intake and obesity is controversial, regular consumption of alcohol, through its effects in suppressing fat oxidation, is regarded as a risk factor for weight gain, increased abdominal obesity and hypertriglyceridemia.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] there is a common notion that beer drinkers are, on average, more 'obese' than either nondrinkers or drinkers of wine or spirits.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] alcohol intake associates with overeating in humans.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] the experimental metabolic evidence suggests that the consumption of moderate amounts of alcohol has to be accounted for in the energy-balance equation and may represent a risk factor for the development of a positive energy balance and thus weight gain.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] heavy and regular alcohol consumption has been positively correlated with increasing body weight, although it is unclear whether this is due to alcohol consumption per se or to additional energy intake from food.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] despite its comparatively high energy content of 7.1 g/kcal, it is still controversial whether moderate amounts of alcohol represent a risk factor for weight gain and obesity.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] we examined the relation between beer intake and waist-hip ratio (whr) and body mass index (bmi) in a beer-drinking population.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] alcohol consumption may play a role in the development of obesity but the relationship between alcohol and weight is still unclear.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] the combined effect of low bmi and high weekly alcohol consumption was 2.25- to 3.29-fold greater than the additive effect of each factor for these alcohol-related diseases (p < 0.05 for each cause).alcohol consumption and low bmi were related to deaths from nonneoplastic liver diseases, uadt cancers, and aud, with evidence of a supra-additive combined effect of both factors.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] this review suggests that adults do not compensate appropriately for alcohol energy by eating less, and a relatively modest alcohol dose may lead to an increase in food consumption.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] we examined the links between moderate ethanol consumption, body mass index (bmi; in kg/m(2)), and liver enzymes.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] moderate amounts of alcohol enhance energy intake due to the caloric content of the alcohol as well as its appetite-enhancing effects.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] the effect of moderate alcohol consumption on liver enzymes increases with increasing bmi.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] the aim of our study was to assess the cross-sectional association of intakes of total alcohol and of specific alcoholic beverages (wine, beer and spirits) with waist-to-hip ratio (whr) and body mass index (bmi) in a large sample of adults from all over france.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] it has been shown that beer consumption is associated with alcohol craving, in contrast to wine or spirits consumption.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] this review explores the effects of alcohol consumption on food energy intake in healthy adults.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] we examined whether alcohol consumption and bmi could act together to increase mortality from nonneoplastic liver diseases, upper aero-digestive tract (uadt) cancers, and alcohol use disorders (aud) in middle-aged korean men.107,735 men (mean age, 58.8 years) participated in a postal survey in 2004 and were followed until 2010, by linkage to national death records.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] men with bmi < 21 kg/m and weekly alcohol consumption ≥14 drinks showed markedly higher mortality from nonneoplastic liver diseases (hr = 5.7), alcoholic liver diseases (hr = 9.3), uadt cancers (hr = 10.5), and esophageal cancer (hr = 15.5), compared to men drinking less than 1 drink/wk with bmi ≥25 kg/m.

Does excessive beer or alcohol consumption lead to obesity? [SEP] excessive alcohol consumption, including binge drinking, is a common cause of fatty liver disease. |||

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] intake of fish oil and oily fish has been reported to improve clinical symptoms in people who have rheumatoid arthritis.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] there is evidence to support the use of supplementation with long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (lcn-3pufa) from oily fish or fish oil for the treatment of various inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] intake of oily fish was associated with a modestly decreased risk of developing rheumatoid arthritis.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggest that a diet high in marine fatty acids (fish oil) may have beneficial effects on inflammatory conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis and possibly asthma.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggest that a diet high in marine fatty acids (fish oil) may have beneficial effects on inflammatory conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis and possibly asthma.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggest that a diet high in marine fatty acids (fish oil) may have beneficial effects on inflammatory conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis and possibly asthma.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] there is evidence for preventive and therapeutic effects of dietary omega-3 fats in rheumatoid arthritis.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] while doses of up to several grams per day of fish-derived fatty acids may be necessary for therapeutic effects in long-standing rheumatoid arthritis, much lower doses should provide benefits to reduce the mortality from cardiovascular disease in this inflammatory disorder.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] we investigated the association between intake of oily fish and fish oil supplements and the risk of rheumatoid arthritis in a population-based case-control study.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] as fish oil has been shown to be beneficial in rheumatoid arthritis and in psoriasis, we examined whether a diet rich in fish has a similar effect on membrane and plasma lipids as a dietary fish oil supplement.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] fish and plant seed fatty acids have antiinflammatory and immunomodulating properties that make them of potential use in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] to determine the following: 1) whether dietary supplementation with fish oil will allow the discontinuation of nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (nsaids) in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (ra); 2) the clinical efficacy of high-dose dietary omega 3 fatty acid fish oil supplementation in ra patients; and 3) the effect of fish oil supplements on the production of multiple cytokines in this population.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] whether the intake of oily fish and fish oil might also protect against the development of rheumatoid arthritis is not known.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] results of many studies indicate that consumption of n-3 fatty acids can benefit persons with cardiovascular disease and rheumatoid arthritis.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] compared with subjects who never or seldom consumed oily fish, the or for developing rheumatoid arthritis was 0.8 (95% confidence interval = 0.6-1.0) for subjects who consumed oily fish 1-7 times a week.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] to examine the potential for dietary n-3 fats to be component of therapy for rheumatoid arthritis (ra).

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] there is consistent evidence from double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials that dietary n-3 fats, supplied as fish oil, can have beneficial effects in ra.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] patients taking dietary supplements of fish oil exhibit improvements in clinical parameters of disease activity from baseline, including the number of tender joints, and these improvements are associated with significant decreases in levels of il-1 beta from baseline.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] while consumption of omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 lcpufa) has been recommended for those at risk of inflammatory disease such as rheumatoid arthritis, the mechanism of their anti-inflammatory effect remains to be clearly defined, particularly in relation to the dose and type of n-3 lcpufa.

Do omega-3 fatty acids or a diet rich in fish help with rheumatoid arthritis? [SEP] fish contain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, principally eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, which are known to interfere with the body's inflammatory response and may be of benefit in chronic inflammatory conditions. |||

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] high processed red meat consumption is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] epidemiologic evidence suggests that relationships of red meat consumption with risk of cardiovascular diseases depends on whether or not the meat is processed, including addition of preservatives, but evidence is limited for blood pressure (bp).

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] red meat intake has been associated with increased risk of coronary heart disease and type 2 diabetes, but it remains uncertain whether these associations are causally related to unprocessed lean red meat.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] we evaluated the relation between the consumption of unprocessed and processed red meat and incident hypertension.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] intake of red and processed meat has been associated with a higher risk of morbidity and mortality; it is unknown whether these associations are modified by overall physical health.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] this population-based case-control study examined the associations between total, processed and unprocessed red meat intakes and non-fatal acute myocardial infarction (mi) in costa rica.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] red meat has been associated with an increased cardiovascular disease (cvd) risk, possibly through gut microbial-derived trimethylamine-n-oxide (tmao).

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] epidemiological research has demonstrated that the consumption of red meat is an important risk factor for the development of colorectal cancer (crc), diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] growing evidence suggests that effects of red meat consumption on coronary heart disease (chd) and type 2 diabetes could vary depending on processing.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] red meat is long established as an important dietary source of protein and essential nutrients including iron, zinc and vitamin b12, yet recent reports that its consumption may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease (cvd) and colon cancer have led to a negative perception of the role of red meat in health.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] regular consumption of red meat has been associated in epidemiologic studies with increased risks of coronary heart disease (chd) and colon and other cancers; possible mechanisms may involve dietary cholesterol, saturated fat, heme iron, and the presence of carcinogens formed in cooking.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] this study examined the associations of red and processed meat consumption with all-cause, cardiovascular, and cancer mortality and investigated whether markers of physical function modified the associations.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the high sodium content of processed red meat could increase blood pressure and explain the association with cardiovascular disease.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in meta-analyses of prospective cohorts, higher risk of chd is seen with processed meat consumption (rr per 50 g: 1.42, 95 %ci = 1.07-1.89), but a smaller increase or no risk is seen with unprocessed meat consumption.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in similar analyses, both unprocessed red and processed meat consumption are associated with incident diabetes, with higher risk per g of processed (rr per 50 g: 1.51, 95 %ci = 1.25-1.83) versus unprocessed (rr per 100 g: 1.19, 95 % ci = 1.04-1.37) meats.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] we reviewed the evidence for effects of unprocessed (fresh/frozen) red and processed (using sodium/other preservatives) meat consumption on chd and diabetes.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the adverse effect of red meat consumption on the risk for cvd is a major population health concern, especially in developing hispanic/latino countries in which there are clear trends towards increased consumption.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] the overall findings suggest that neither unprocessed red nor processed meat consumption is beneficial for cardiometabolic health, and that clinical and public health guidance should especially prioritize reducing processed meat consumption.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] we aimed to determine whether an increase in unprocessed lean red meat intake, partially replacing carbohydrate-rich foods, adversely influences markers of oxidative stress and inflammation.

Does unprocessed red meat increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? [SEP] in this large prospective cohort of french women, we observed an association between the consumption of processed red meat and hypertension. |||

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] high processed red meat consumption is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease.

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] numerous studies demonstrated a possible association between red meat consumption and cardiovascular disease (cvd).

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] the assessment of the actual contribution of red or processed meat to increasing the risk of suffering cardiovascular diseases (cvd) requires identification of specific harmful components and their underlying pathological mechanisms.

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] we evaluated the relation between the consumption of unprocessed and processed red meat and incident hypertension.

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] the high sodium content of processed red meat could increase blood pressure and explain the association with cardiovascular disease.

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] growing evidence suggests that effects of red meat consumption on coronary heart disease (chd) and type 2 diabetes could vary depending on processing.

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] red meat has been associated with an increased cardiovascular disease (cvd) risk, possibly through gut microbial-derived trimethylamine-n-oxide (tmao).

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] the present review aims to provide an updated overview, including evidence, controversies and unresolved questions on both the epidemiology and mechanisms relating red and processed meat consumption to cvd.

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] in similar analyses, both unprocessed red and processed meat consumption are associated with incident diabetes, with higher risk per g of processed (rr per 50 g: 1.51, 95 %ci = 1.25-1.83) versus unprocessed (rr per 100 g: 1.19, 95 % ci = 1.04-1.37) meats.

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] this review will evaluate the association between red meat consumption and incidence of cvd and mortality (primary outcome measures).

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] in meta-analyses of prospective cohorts, higher risk of chd is seen with processed meat consumption (rr per 50 g: 1.42, 95 %ci = 1.07-1.89), but a smaller increase or no risk is seen with unprocessed meat consumption.

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] women who consumed ≥5 servings of processed red meat/wk (50 g = 1 serving) had a 17% higher rate of hypertension than that of women who consumed <1 serving/wk (hr: 1.17; 95% ci: 1.09, 1.26; p-trend = 0.0002).

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] red and (particularly) processed meats are high in cholesterol and saturated and solid fatty acids.

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] we reviewed the evidence for effects of unprocessed (fresh/frozen) red and processed (using sodium/other preservatives) meat consumption on chd and diabetes.

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] the findings of this systematic review will summarize the latest evidence of the association between red meat consumption and incidence of cvd and mortality and the dose-response effect through a systematic review and meta-analysis.

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] the overall findings suggest that neither unprocessed red nor processed meat consumption is beneficial for cardiometabolic health, and that clinical and public health guidance should especially prioritize reducing processed meat consumption.

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggest that red and processed meat consumption is related to an increased risk of type 2 diabetes.

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] the increased risk associated with processed meat compared with red meat suggests that there are interactions between the saturated fat, salt, and nitrates in processed meat and iron, ages and tmao.

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] a high consumption of red and/or processed meat is associated with a higher risk to develop several chronic diseases in which oxidative stress, trimethylamine-n-oxide (tmao) and/or inflammation are involved.

Does processed red meat (sausages, ham, bacon) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease??? [SEP] regular consumption of red meat has been associated in epidemiologic studies with increased risks of coronary heart disease (chd) and colon and other cancers; possible mechanisms may involve dietary cholesterol, saturated fat, heme iron, and the presence of carcinogens formed in cooking. |||

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] hawthorn extract is a popular herbal medicine given as adjunctive treatment for chronic heart failure.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] the flavonoid components of hawthorn may be responsible for hawthorn's beneficial effects in the treatment of heart failure.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] to examine whether hawthorn (crataegus special extract ws 1442 {cse}) inhibits progression in heart failure (hf) patients.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] hawthorn, an herbal supplement, is currently being evaluated for the treatment of heart failure.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] the mechanism(s) by which hawthorn extract may treat heart failure is unknown but may include, theoretically, immunological effects.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] hawthorn (crataegus) is a natural product used to treat patients with heart failure.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] the aim of this study was to further characterize the effect of hawthorn extract to decrease the contraction rate of cultured cardiomyocytes.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] hawthorn's efficacy when added to contemporary evidence-based heart failure therapy is unknown.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] hawthorn (crataegus) may play a role in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular diseases such as hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and in particular, congestive heart failure.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] a botanical complementary and alternative medicine is often used to treat heart failure.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] therefore, the purpose of this study is to determine the effect of hawthorn extract on the immunomodulatory response in a pressure overload model of heart failure.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] hawthorn extract appears to be anti-arrhythmic and capable of inducing rhythmicity in quiescent cardiomyocytes.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] in this animal model of heart failure, hawthorn extract failed to significantly affect the immunomodulatory response characterized after 6 months of pressure overload at a time when approximately 50% mortality was exhibited.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] hawthorn extract has been used for cardiovascular diseases for centuries.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] herbal supplements hawthorn and ashwagandha (indian ginseng) are indicated for cardiac illnesses and may be taken by patients receiving digoxin therapy.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] mechanisms other than immunological may better define hawthorn's effect in treating heart failure.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] hawthorn treatment modifies left ventricular remodeling and counteracts myocardial dysfunction in early pressure overload-induced cardiac hypertrophy.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] we aimed to determine whether hawthorn increases submaximal exercise capacity when added to standard medical therapy.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] extracts of hawthorn (crataegus oxycantha) have become popular herbal supplements for their well-recognized cardiotonic effects.

Does hawthorn extract help patients with heart muscle weakness (heart failure)? [SEP] recent trials have demonstrated its efficacy for the treatment of heart failure, and the results of several small trials suggest it may lower blood pressure. |||

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] carcinogenicity study revealed that glyphosate has tumor promoting activity.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] in 2015, the international agency for research on cancer reported that glyphosate is a probable carcinogenic.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] glyphosate (gly) is the most utilised herbicide in agriculture, although its widespread use is generating controversy in the scientific world because of its probable carcinogenic effect on human cells.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] glyphosate is the highest volume herbicide used globally and has recently been classified as a 2 a 'probably carcinogenic to humans' by the international agency for research on cancer (iarc).

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] glyphosate is a widely used broad spectrum herbicide, reported to induce various toxic effects in non-target species, but its carcinogenic potential is still unknown.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] in 2017, however, a scientific opinion of the european chemicals agency concluded that glyphosate is not proven to be carcinogenic, mutagenic or to have negative effects on reproduction.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] glyphosate is a widely used pesticide worldwide.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] altogether, these results suggested that glyphosate has tumor promoting potential in skin carcinogenesis and its mechanism seems to be similar to tpa.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] glyphosate, the most widely used pesticide worldwide, is under debate due to its potentially cancerogenic effects and harmful influence on biodiversity and environment.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] since the classification of glyphosate as a group 2a substance "probably carcinogenic to humans" by the iarc in 2015, human health concerns have been raised regarding the exposure of operators, bystanders, and consumers.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] some epidemiological experts feel there is sufficient proof that glyphosate use adversely affects human health, and glyphosate has been labeled as probably carcinogenic by the international agency for research on cancer.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] the strongest evidence shows that glyphosate causes hemangiosarcomas, kidney tumors and malignant lymphomas in male cd-1 mice, hemangiomas and malignant lymphomas in female cd-1 mice, hemangiomas in female swiss albino mice, kidney adenomas, liver adenomas, skin keratoacanthomas and skin basal cell tumors in male sprague-dawley rats, adrenal cortical carcinomas in female sprague-dawley rats and hepatocellular adenomas and skin keratocanthomas in male wistar rats.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] the international agency for research on cancer (iarc) has recently classified glyphosate as a group 2a 'probably carcinogenic to humans'.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] glyphosate has recently received much public attention following its 'group 2a - probably carcinogenic to humans' classification from the international agency for research on cancer.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] although glyphosate has been considered 'environmentally' safe, its repeated use could increase the toxicological risk derived from diffuse pollution of surface and groundwater on non-target vegetation.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] we evaluated associations between glyphosate exposure and cancer incidence in the agricultural health study (ahs), a prospective cohort study of 57,311 licensed pesticide applicators in iowa and north carolina.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] glyphosate (gly)-based herbicide, one of the most widely used herbicides, might cause a series of environmental problems and pose a toxicological risk to aquatic organisms.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] glyphosate is a broad-spectrum biocide and the active ingredient in the most widely used herbicides worldwide.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] glyphosate is widely used as an herbicide, which might result in exposures of the general public and applicators.

Is glyphosate carcinogenic? [SEP] who changed classification of glyphosate to probably cancerogenic to humans, thus there is urgent need to assess in detail genotoxic mechanism of its action. |||

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] however, cognitive behavior therapy is usually helpful for the emotional exhaustion component of burnout.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] this study aimed to investigate associations between therapist-level burnout and patient-level treatment outcomes after psychological therapy.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] it appears that psychotherapists commonly experience some burnout, and personal factors influence burnout development.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] the findings implicate that the therapy program may have beneficial effects on symptomatology and neuroplasticity of patients with burnout.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] counseling and/or coaching may be helpful for those having burnout without significant depression.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] conclusions: the results of the current review offers evidence that burnout is a concern for those working in the delivery of psychological interventions.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] the level of burnout predicted antidepressant treatment.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] there are lessons from positive psychology that may be utilized to help counsel those with burnout.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] this article examines the severity of burnout symptoms and their relationship to temperament traits and social support in a large sample (n = 200) of therapists, selected from professional organizations for gestalt and cognitive-behavioral therapists in poland.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] burnout is common in mental health professionals and has serious personal and professional consequences.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] burnout is a serious problem for psychiatrists that has implications for clinical practice and personal health.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] the aim of the present systematic review was to (a) explore the levels of both burnout and job stress in psychotherapists, (b) identify tools used to measure work-related stress and burnout, and (c) identify personal risk factors for developing burnout among psychotherapists.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] the increasing prevalence of stress-related disorders such as burnout urges the need for specialized treatment approaches.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] over half of sampled psychotherapists reported moderate-high levels of burnout, with the majority of results based on quantitative cross-sectional self-report surveys.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] what is burnout?

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] we examined the prospective association between burnout and antidepressant treatment, as an indicator of clinically significant mental disorder.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] emotionally taxing job demands place psychotherapists at risk for burnout, often to the detriment of the therapist, clients, and the profession of psychotherapy (maslach, 2007).

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] according to our results, we have shown that total burnout scores and emotional exhaustion (ee) scores were significantly higher in psychiatrists with sct.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] the level of burnout symptoms among all therapists was related to temperament traits, briskness, and perseveration, as well as to perceived social support.

Does psychotherapy help with burnout? [SEP] articles concerning the prevalence and cause(s) of burnout in applied psychologists, that were published in the english language were included. |||

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] it is known that electromyostimulation (ems) alone or superimposed over voluntary contraction (ev) can effectively improve muscle strength.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] nevertheless, ems should not be regarded as a replacement of exercise training per se, since the beneficial effect of exercise training is not just relying on building muscle mass but it also exerts positive effects on endothelial, myocardial, and cognitive function.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] in recent years, electrical myostimulation (ems) is becoming more and more popular to increase muscle function and muscle weight.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] to examine if chronic endurance training by means of simultaneously applied, superimposed electromyostimulation (ems) can be used to improve performance and physiological core parameters compared to the traditional cycling.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] electromyostimulation (ems) incorporates the use of electrical current to activate skeletal muscle and facilitate contraction.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] ems improved functional performances more effectively than voluntary training and counteracted fast type muscle fibre atrophy, typically associated with sarcopenia.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] it was concluded that while the two techniques of ems concurrent with isometric exercise have the potential to positively increase selected physiological parameters in healthy innervated muscle, the greatest benefits will be noted for the weaker muscle.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] this study investigated the effects of moderate frequency e+s versus s+e training on physical fitness, body composition, and blood lipids.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] studies in experimental models as well as in human subjects confirmed that ems can increase muscle mass by around 1% and improve muscle function by around 10-15% after 5-6 weeks of treatment.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] these results showed that moderate-frequency (2-3 times per week) combined e+s or s+e training led to significant improvements in physical fitness and lean body mass but did not induce significant changes in body fat or blood lipid levels.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] in this study, we compared the effects of a periodized and functional whole-body-electromyostimulation training on maximum oxygen uptake (vo2max), ventilatory thresholds (vt1 and vt2), running economy (re), and lower-body muscle strength in runners, vs. a traditional whole-body-electromyostimulation training.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] results indicated that 1) ems concurrent with isometric exercise was more effective in improving quadriceps strength over a group that did no training, but was no more effective than isometric exercise alone; 2) the two ems techniques yielded similar results for healthy innervated muscle; 3) dynamic strength was minimally increased by ems; 4) power was positively increased more by the monopolar technique; and 5) endurance was positively increased more by the bipolar technique.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] (1) to determine if a hybrid exercise (leg plus arm) training program performed immediately after functional electrical stimulation (fes) leg cycle exercise (lce) training would further improve aerobic capacity when compared with fes leg cycle training alone, and (2) to compare the submaximal responses occurring during both fes-lce alone and hybrid exercise in the same sci subjects.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] a hybrid training system (hts) has been developed as the combined application of electrical stimulation (es) and volitional contractions (vc), using electrically stimulated eccentric antagonist muscle contractions as a resistance to voluntary agonist muscle contractions.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] the purpose of the study was to compare the effects of 1) monopolar (mi) and bipolar (bi) electrical muscle stimulation (ems) concurrent with isometric exercise, and 2) ems (mi and bi) concurrent with isometric exercise to isometric exercise (i) alone on girth, dynamic strength, muscular power, and muscular endurance of the right quadriceps muscle.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] since neuromuscular electrical stimulation (nmes) can recruit high-threshold motor units and enhance glucose metabolism, the combination of nmes and voluntary low-intensity exercise would induce both anerobic and aerobic energy consumptions and this type of exercise could be more efficient and effective than conventional exercise regimens.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] they were randomly assigned to a periodized and functional whole-body-electromyostimulation training group (pfg) (n = 6; 27.0 ± 7.5 years; 70.1 ± 11.1 kg; 1.75 ± 0.05 m) whose training program involved several specific exercises for runners, or a traditional whole-body-electromyostimulation training group (tg) (n = 6; 25.8 ± 7.4 years; 73.8 ± 9.8 kg; 1.73 ± 0.07 m), whose sessions were characterized by circuit training with 10 dynamic and general exercises without external load.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] although metabolic stimuli and markers of muscle damage were higher in c + e compared to c, improvements of endurance performance and capacity were not significantly different between c and c + e. despite a higher metabolic, respiratory, and muscular demand, chronic additional superimposed ems during cycling does not result in superior improvements in endurance and strength performance compared to the traditional cycling.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] hybrid exercise training resulted in significantly (p < .05) greater work rates and vo2 values than both fes-lce at baseline and training work rates.

Is electrical muscle stimulation (EMS) in combination with ordinary fitness training more efficient than fitness training alone? [SEP] the popularity of whole-body electromyostimulation is growing during the last years, but there is a shortage of studies that evaluate its effects on physical fitness and sport performance. |||

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] the age-related eye disease study (areds) demonstrated beneficial effects of oral supplementation with antioxidant vitamins and minerals on the development of advanced age-related macular degeneration (amd) in persons with at least intermediate amd (bilateral large drusen with or without pigment changes).

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] the treatment of dry age-related macular degeneration is based on vitamin supplementation.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] the objective of this review is to assess the effects of antioxidant vitamin and/or mineral supplementation on the progression of age-related macular degeneration.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] the objective of this review is to assess the effects of antioxidant vitamin and/or mineral supplementation on the progression of age-related macular degeneration.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] the objective of this review is to assess the effects of antioxidant vitamin and/or mineral supplementation on the progression of age-related macular degeneration.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] randomised trials comparing an antioxidant vitamin and/or mineral supplement (alone or in combination) to control in people with age-related macular degeneration are included in this review.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] randomised trials comparing an antioxidant vitamin and/or mineral supplement (alone or in combination) to control in people with age-related macular degeneration are included in this review.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] beneficial effects of dietary supplements in age-related macular degeneration (amd) are related to antioxidative properties.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] the evidence as to the effectiveness of antioxidant vitamin and mineral supplementation in halting the progression of age-related macular degeneration is dominated by one large trial in a relatively well-nourished american population that showed modest benefit in people with moderate to severe signs of the disease.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] the evidence as to the effectiveness of antioxidant vitamin and mineral supplementation in halting the progression of age-related macular degeneration is dominated by one large trial that showed modest benefit in people with moderate to severe signs of the disease.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] antioxidant nutrients, such as vitamins c and e and beta-carotene, may be protective of some eye disorders, such as cataract and age-related macular degeneration, but a relationship between these nutrients and dr has yet to be defined.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] the objective of this review was to assess the effects of antioxidant vitamin or mineral supplementation, or both, on the progression of age-related macular degeneration (amd).

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] these findings raise the possibility that vitamins and trace minerals with antioxidant properties can be of benefit in preventing the onset or progression of disabling eye disease.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] oral supplementation with the age-related eye disease study (areds) formulation (antioxidant vitamins c and e, beta carotene, and zinc) has been shown to reduce the risk of progression to advanced age-related macular degeneration (amd).

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] the question as to whether people with age-related macular degeneration should take antioxidant vitamin or mineral supplements to prevent progression of the disease has not been answered by research to date.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] the age-related eye disease study (areds) suggests antioxidants may delay the advance of age-related macular degeneration.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] observational and experimental data suggest that antioxidant and/or zinc supplements may delay progression of age-related macular degeneration (amd) and vision loss.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] for this reason, there is considerable interest in determining whether vitamins and trace minerals with antioxidant properties can be of benefit in preventing the onset or progression of disabling eye disease.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] to assess the effectiveness of antioxidant vitamin supplementation in preventing and slowing the progression of age-related cataract.

Can vitamin and nutrient supplements prevent the eye disease age-related macular degeneration? [SEP] in the age-related eye disease study 1 (areds 1), a reduced progression to late stage amd was found using vitamin c, e, zinc, and β-carotene. |||

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] eye conditions that are considered progressive and degenerative and for which the causation is generally poorly understood or not understood within conventional medicine can respond to natural therapeutic interventions that result in arrest and/or improvement of morbidity, with enhanced functional results.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] since the formation of cataract is a well-defined progressive disease, starting with an early refractive change and leading to gradual enhancement of opacification, we hypothesized that even a belated start with an appropriate anti-oxidant could halt the pathological process and delay cataract maturation and vision impairment.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] anti-inflammatory activity of an antiglaucoma drug may be an advantage for long-term treatment of glaucoma since it may reduce the risk of treatment-related inflammatory processes in outer compartments of the eye and probably also prevent or delay progression of glaucomatous retinal neurodegeneration.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] it is generally believed that prophylactic intake of antioxidants is beneficial in delaying the onset of some aging manifestations such as cataract.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] the slowly progressive nature of age-related macular degeneration (amd) means that establishing the efficacy of novel preventative treatments aiming to slow progression of disease, remains challenging, and where earlier endpoints are needed to improve their feasibility.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] the main goal of glaucoma treatment is to slow the rate of disease so that patients can prolong their functional vision.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] treatment that targeted the prevention of scarring or ga may improve vision outcomes.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] the pilot study examined the ability of octreotide to retard progression of diabetic retinopathy (dr) and delay the need for panretinal photocoagulation (prp) in patients with advanced stages of retinal disease.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] the results of this study demonstrate that retinal degeneration can be stopped, even at late stages of disease.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] although anti-vascular endothelial growth factor treatment of neovascular age-related macular degeneration (amd) results in improved vision overall, loss of substantial vision can occur.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] early diagnosis of glaucomatous optic nerve damage offers the potential for early treatment which may prevent vision loss from this neurodegenerative disease.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] recent gene therapy progress has raised the possibility that vision loss caused by inherited retinal degeneration can be slowed or prevented.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] early detection, prevention, and monitoring of these manifestations can significantly benefit morbidity associated with such disease states including permanent visual dysfunction.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] although there have been no randomized clinical trials or other high-quality studies showing the benefits of setting a target iop versus not using this approach, there is ample evidence that lowering iop slows glaucoma progression and, in general, lower is better, regardless of disease stage and baseline iop level.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] hence, most glaucomatous eyes demonstrate signs of deterioration over time despite what may appear to be adequate treatment.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] our results suggest that octreotide treatment in euthyroid patients may retard progression of advanced dr and may delay the time to laser surgery.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] if these are not detected and corrected at an early age, they can lead to an irreversible impairment known as amblyopia (lazy eye).

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] the protection of retinal pigment epithelium (rpe) injury plays an important role in the prevention of or in delaying the pathological progress of retinal degeneration diseases, like age-related macular degeneration (amd), diabetic retinopathy, and retinitis pigmentosa.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] reliance on intraocular pressure, optic nerve cupping changes, nerve fibre layer integrity, and visual field changes may delay treatment of glaucoma since irreversible changes may have already occurred at the time of diagnosis.

Can they delay the progression of eye disease? [SEP] in pde6b-deficient retina, this strategy halted degeneration, even when more than 70% of photoreceptors had already degenerated. |||

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] the aim of this study was to examine the association between milk intake and risk of crc, colon cancer and rectal cancer among women.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] this review provides an overview of the principal hypotheses and epidemiological evidence of the possible links between colorectal cancer and intake of milk and/or dairy products.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] our findings strengthen the evidence for a protective role of milk consumption on colorectal cancer risk.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] prospective studies have reported an inverse association between the consumption of total dairy products and milk and the risk of colorectal cancer (crc).

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] according to world cancer research fund international/american institute for cancer research, it is 'probable' that dairy products decrease the risk of colorectal cancer (crc).

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] our study indicates that there may be a weak inverse association between milk intake and risk of colon cancer among women.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] we investigated associations of tea, coffee, and milk consumption with colorectal cancer risk and attempted to determine if these exposures were differentially associated with the risks of proximal colon, distal colon, and rectal cancers.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] observational studies have shown that milk consumption is inversely associated with colorectal, bladder, and breast cancer risk, but positively associated with prostate cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] whether milk consumption is associated with the risk of prostate, breast, colon, and rectal cancers is unclear and was evaluated in this study.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] our data indicate that high intakes of lactose and dairy products, particularly milk, are associated with an increased risk of serous ovarian cancer but not of other subtypes of ovarian cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] we investigated the potential causal associations of milk consumption with the risk of colorectal, bladder, breast, and prostate cancer using a genetic variant near the lct gene as proxy for milk consumption.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] genetically proxied milk consumption was associated with a reduced risk of colorectal cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] although case-control studies have reported conflicting results for dairy foods and lactose, several cohort studies have shown positive associations between skim milk, lactose, and ovarian cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] milk consumption was strongly correlated with incidence rates of prostate cancer (r = 0.65-0.69; all p < 0.0001) and breast cancer (r = 0.64-0.74; all p < 0.0001) in all the nine time periods examined.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] we examined the association between intakes of dairy products and lactose and the risk of total epithelial ovarian cancer and its subtypes.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] milk was the dairy product with the strongest positive association with serous ovarian cancer (rate ratio comparing consuming >/=2 glasses milk/d with consuming milk never or seldom: 2.0; 95% ci: 1.1, 3.7; p for trend = 0.04).

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] epidemiological data indicate a potential relationship between milk and dairy product consumption and the incidence of breast cancer, as well as neurodegenerative diseases.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] the present study does not support an overall substantial effect of milk consumption on the risk of prostate, breast, colon, and rectal cancers at the population level.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] we assessed consumption of fermented milk, non-fermented milk, cheese, and butter, estimated from semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaires, in relation to prospective risk of breast, prostate, colorectal, smoking-, and obesity-related cancers in 101,235 subjects, including 12,552 cancer cases, in the population-based northern sweden health and disease study.

Do milk or dairy products promote colon cancer and rectal cancer? [SEP] this literature review evaluates the epidemiological and mechanistic evidence linking dairy consumption with breast cancer risk. |||

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] the specific yoga style employed may also influence health outcomes.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] while yoga can improve health-related variables and health behavior, different yoga styles and practice components appear to be associated with specific health outcomes.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] further, different types of yoga may affect different mechanisms.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] yoga practitioners showed improvement of the memory performance, as well as improvements in psychophysiological parameters.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] yoga has been shown to improve muscle strength, flexibility, and balance.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] yoga may influence multiple psychological mechanisms that influence emotional well-being.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] these data suggest that yoga and related practices result in rapid gene expression alterations which may be the basis for their longer term cell biological and higher level health effects.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] we investigated the effects of yoga on memory and psychophysiological parameters related to stress, comparing yoga practice and conventional physical exercises in healthy men (previously yoga-naïve).

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] here we have assessed possible rapid changes in global gene expression profiles in the peripheral blood mononuclear cells (pbmcs) in healthy people that practiced either a comprehensive yoga program or a control regimen.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] previous work has shown that yoga may improve wellness in healthy people and have benefits for patients.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] if yoga training has a stress-reduction effect and also improves an individual's mental states for a long time, long-term yoga practitioners may have a better mental state and lower stress-related biochemical indices in comparison to non-experienced participants.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] yoga also influenced immunity and ameliorated joint disorders.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] physiological benefits of yoga on volunteers of a particular age group are available.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] yoga demonstrates beneficial effects in many populations, yet our understanding of how yoga brings about these effects is quite limited.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] an indirect influence of emotional state on cognitive improvement promoted by yoga practice can be proposed.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] at 12 weeks, yoga practitioners showed statistically lower scores for menopausal symptoms, stress levels and depression symptoms, as well as significantly higher scores in quality of life when compared to control and exercise groups.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] the present results suggest that regular yoga practice can improve aspects of cognition and quality of life for healthy individuals.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] exercise training programs can increase strength and improve submaximal force control, but the effects of yoga as an alternative form of steadiness training are not well described.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] practice of yoga is proposed to alter the autonomic nervous system and affect the cardiovascular functioning.

Does yoga change the genetic makeup? [SEP] yoga is believed to have beneficial effects on cognition, attenuation of emotional intensity and stress reduction. |||

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] three laser techniques for the treatment of glaucoma are described.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] to compare three 360°-laser retinopexy (lrp) approaches (using navigated pattern laser system, single-spot slit-lamp (sl) laser delivery, and single-spot indirect ophthalmoscope (io) laser delivery) in regard to procedure duration, procedural pain score, technical difficulties, and the ability to achieve surgical goals.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] laser refractive surgery is one of the most performed surgical procedures in the world.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] our results suggest that operator technique and patient selection are more important factors than laser type with respect to outcome.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] currently, three techniques are widely used for laser vision correction: small incision lenticule extraction, laser-assisted keratomileusis in situ and photorefractive keratotomy.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] it emphasizes the advantages of each type for specific otolaryngologic problems and discusses the considerations for choosing the appropriate laser to treat a particular lesion.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] the purpose of this study was to compare the effects of three different corneal refractive surgeries: microkeratome laser in situ keratomileusis (lasik), femtosecond laser in situ keratomileusis (fs-lasik) and femtosecond small incision lenticule extraction (fs-smile) on 6-month postoperative stability of tear film to provide a basis for selection of operative procedures.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] several different laser types are available on the market for the practitioner to use in refractive surgery.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] the three most common lasers historically used in orthopedic surgery were examined: holmium:yag, neodymium:yag, and the co2.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] this review describes the principles of lasers and the effects various laser modalities and wavelength modalities can produce on ocular structure.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] the three separate laser applications involved in laser surgery--laser surgery, photocoagulation, and photoradiation therapy--are explored to provide an understanding of the fundamental physical properties of the laser device.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] the lasers most amenable to urologic surgery are the co2, argon, and neodymium:yag lasers.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] in the past three decades, the surgical laser has evolved into an invaluable tool in the practice of otolaryngology-head and neck surgery with many applications in the treatment of oropharyngeal lesions.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] laser hair removal is the most common laser therapy and the third most commonly performed procedure with more than one million treatments in united states in 2016.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] lasers have become an indispensable tool in management of many ocular disorders.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] to review the outcomes of diode laser photocoagulation in patients with a variety of retinal conditions.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] guidelines are provided for appropriate selection of various wavelengths and prevention of complications of the laser treatment.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] the mean procedural time, procedural pain score (using 4-point verbal rating scale), number of laser burns, and achievement of the surgical goals were compared between three groups (pattern lrp (navilas® laser system), 36 patients; sl-lrp, 28 patients; and io-lrp, 22 patients).

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] a variety of lasers are used in medicine and surgery, and the three most common lasers are argon-ion, carbon dioxide, and nd:yag.

Which of the three most common laser eye surgeries produces the best results and has the fewest side effects? [SEP] the use of lasers has allowed many of these lesions to be treated effectively in the office setting with minimal patient discomfort. |||

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] the therapeutic application of pulsed electromagnetic fields (pemfs) can accelerate healing after bone fractures and also alleviate pain according to several studies.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] pulsed electromagnetic fields (pemf) exert biological effects and are in clinical use to facilitate bone repair and wound healing.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] pulsed electromagnetic field (pemf) devices have been used clinically to promote the healing of surgically resistant fractures in vivo.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] pulsed electromagnetic fields (pemf) have been used widely to treat nonunion fractures and related problems in bone healing, as a biological and physical method.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] pulsed electromagnetic fields (pemfs) of certain configuration have been shown to be effective clinically in promoting the healing of fracture nonunions and are believed to enhance calcification of extracellular matrix.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] pulsed electromagnetic field (pemf) therapy can non-invasively treat a variety of pathologies by delivering electric and magnetic fields to tissues via inductive coils.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] substantial data indicate that exposure to electromagnetic field can lead to enhanced healing in both soft and hard tissues.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] pulsed electromagnetic fields (pemfs) have been found to be beneficial to a wide variety of biological phenomena.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] specific pulsing electromagnetic fields (pemfs) have been used to stimulate growth and repair of osteogenic tissues; however, the basis for this specificity is unknown.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] pulsed electromagnetic field stimulation has been used to promote the healing of chronic nonunions and fractures with delayed healing, but relatively little is known about its effects on osteogenic cells or the mechanisms involved.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] the authors successfully demonstrated that exposing wounds to pulsed magnetic fields of very specific configurations accelerated early wound healing in this animal model, as evidenced by significantly increased wound tensile strength at 21 days after wounding.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] nonthermal pulsed electromagnetic fields, from low frequency to pulse-modulated radio frequency, have been successfully employed as adjunctive therapy for the treatment of delayed and non-union fractures, fresh fractures and chronic wounds.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] there is a basic consensus on the biological effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields (pemfs) on bone formation and bone reconstruction.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] the finding that alterations in electrical potential play an important role in the mechanical stimulation of the bone provoked hype that noninvasive extremely low frequency pulsed electromagnetic fields (elf-pemf) can be used to support healing of bone and osteochondral defects.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] pemf uses electro magnetically generated fields to promote tissue repair and healing rates.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] treatment with pulsed electromagnetic fields (pemfs) is emerging as an interesting therapeutic option for patients with cancer.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] this study characterizes the biomechanical changes that occur when standard cutaneous wounds are exposed to radiofrequency pulsed magnetic fields with specific dosage parameters, in an attempt to determine whether return to functional tensile strength could be accelerated in wound healing.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] previously, we determined the relevant electromagnetic field parameters of the clinically used pemf and independently verified the beneficial effects of pemfs on the rabbit fibula fracture healing model.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] previous studies of pulsed magnetic fields have reported enhanced fracture and chronic wound healing, endothelial cell growth, and angiogenesis.

Can electromagnetic fields with a specific pattern (pulsed electromagnetic fields, PEMF) heal injuries? [SEP] one commonly used modality is pulsed electromagnetic field therapy (pemf). |||

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] fingolimod lowers the number of relapses in multiple sclerosis (ms) patients and slows down disease progression, but causes a broad spectrum of side effects.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] fingolimod demonstrated superior efficacy compared with interferon β-1a intramuscular in relapsing multiple sclerosis.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] fingolimod is a novel disease-modifying drug for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (rrms).

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] fingolimod was effective in reducing the disease activity in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis patients requiring an escalation from first-line therapies who were prescribed fingolimod in clinical practice in the uk.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] to evaluate retrospectively the effectiveness and safety of fingolimod in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis who were prescribed fingolimod by uk neurologists within the national health service.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] we assessed the safety and efficacy of fingolimod in patients with primary progressive multiple sclerosis.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] fingolimod is a disease-modifying agent used in the treatment of relapsing/remitting multiple sclerosis.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] the aim of this review is to describe and discuss the characteristics of fingolimod concerning its efficacy, safety, and tolerability in the clinical context of multiple sclerosis management.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] fingolimod is a selective immunosuppressive agent approved worldwide for the treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (ms), a chronic and potentially disabling neurological condition.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] fingolimod, an oral sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor modulator, is effective in relapse-onset multiple sclerosis, but has not been assessed in primary progressive multiple sclerosis.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] fingolimod is approved for the treatment of highly active relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in europe.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] fingolimod is a disease modifying therapy (dmt) in highly active relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis (rrms), as is natalizumab.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] fingolimod is the first oral drug indicated in monotherapy as a modifier of the course of very active relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (rrms).

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] fingolimod is a safe treatment for patients with multiple sclerosis.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] annualized relapse rate and safety of once-daily oral fingolimod 0.5mg, 1.25mg, or once-weekly interferon β-1a 30μg intramuscular for 12 months were analyzed in 1292 patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis according to prior disease-modifying therapy, reason for prior disease-modifying therapy discontinuation (adverse events or unsatisfactory therapeutic effect), and prior disease-modifying therapy duration.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] in phase 3 clinical trials, fingolimod showed significant reductions in both focal lesions and rate of brain volume loss (bvl) in patients with relapsing-remitting ms. to investigate if the effects of fingolimod 0.5mg on bvl are mediated exclusively through its effects on focal damage or if fingolimod also acts independently in reducing diffuse damage.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] evidence is needed to understand the effect of fingolimod on slowing down brain atrophy progression in multiple sclerosis (ms) patients in clinical practice.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] safety results were generally consistent with those of studies of fingolimod in patients with relapse-onset multiple sclerosis.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] the anti-inflammatory effects of fingolimod did not slow disease progression in primary progressive multiple sclerosis.

Does the drug fingolimod reduce the progression of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis similarly or better than previous drugs? [SEP] to compare the efficacy of fingolimod and natalizumab in preventing regional grey matter (gm) and white matter (wm) atrophy in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (rrms) over 2 years. |||

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] fever is associated with malignancy and is a common problem in cancer patients.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] to explore the underlying mechanism, we studied chronic effects of fever on cancer cell growth and chemotherapeutic efficacy in cell culture.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] fever can be caused by infection or by the cancer itself through tumor-related necrosis, hemorrhage or pyrogens.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] fever is frequently seen in patients with cancer and can be associated with a variety of infectious and noninfectious causes.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] fever is frequently observed in patients with cancer.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] some reports of spontaneous remission and regression of cancer are preceded by a severe infection accompanied with a high fever.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] fever is a common symptom in cancer patients.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] fever for a long time was thought to directly regulate the immune response, and artificial "fever" from hyperthermia modulates the tumor immune microenvironment by providing danger signals with heat shock proteins (hsps) as well as subsequent activation of immune systems.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] therapeutical hyperthermia has been considered for cancer therapy since william coley observed tumour remission after induction of fever by bacterial toxins at the end of the 19th century.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] heat was known to have a beneficial effect on malignancies.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] however, new insights in tumor immunology suggest that elevated temperature may facilitate a more effective antitumor immune response.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] patients with non-small cell lung cancer who develop fever during anti-neoplastic chemotherapy are treated empirically, before the cause of fever has been determined.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] fever in cancer patients is a common phenomenon, but a central origin should be considered when the fever is intractable.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] there is little doubt that heat alone can destroy tumours; and it can enhance the anti-cancer effects of radiation and chemotherapeutic agents.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] hyperthermia per se has been shown experimentally to be effective in some cancers.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] intractable fever in cancer patients is problematic and the causes of this fever can be diverse.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] this paper proposes the mechanism of action of febrile infection in inducing spontaneous remission and regression of cancer and its possible implication in treating cancer patients.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] long before ionising radiations were discovered, attempts were made to exploit elevated temperatures to control malignant tumours.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] fever in the cancer patients is closely linked with infection, especially when the patient is granulocytopenic.

Can cancer be successfully fought with intentionally induced fever? [SEP] we suggest high fever as a biomarker for improved survival in melanoma patients treated with il-2/ifn. |||

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] here we report the case of a patient who developed a headache clinical picture fulfilling the diagnostic criteria for new daily persistent headache (ndph), after an exertional hs, and discuss about possible pathophysiological mechanisms and classification aspects of headache induced by heat conditions.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] sphenopalatine ganglion percutaneous radiofrequency thermocoagulation treatment can improve the symptoms of cluster headaches to some extent.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] headache is considered as a common symptom of heat stress disorders (hsd), but no forms of secondary headache from heat exposure are reported in the international classification of headache disorders-2 edition (ichd-ii).

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] some patients with headache report that they have frequently used physical therapies such as application of cold to relieve their headache.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] based on these results, cryotherapy is an alternative treatment that may be helpful to some patients with ect-induced headaches.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] cold application alone may be effective in some patients suffering from migraine attacks.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] acupuncture is widely used for the treatment of headache, but its effectiveness is controversial.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] this randomised trial evaluates the short term efficacy of local heat, on the pain caused by cervical osteoarthrosis.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] our data show that patients with refractory episodic cluster headaches were quickly, effectively and safely relieved from the cluster period after computerized tomography-guided pulsed radiofrequency treatment of sphenopalatine ganglion, suggesting that it may be a therapeutic option if conservative treatments fail.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] for years, heat has been used for comfort and analgesia is recommended as a first-line therapy in many clinical guidelines.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] overall, the existing evidence supports the value of acupuncture for the treatment of idiopathic headaches.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] in this study, we investigated the effect of cold application on migraine patients.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] traditionally, contact heat, indirect thermal heat by focused light bulb, and laser pulses have been the methods used to induce heat pain in humans for experimental and clinical studies.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] with over 150 diagnostic headache categories having been established, the diagnosis and treatment of headache is not a simple process.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] high-level pulsed heat (45°c) produced significantly more analgesia as compared to steady heat at 37°c at the primary end point and for an additional 2 hours after treatment.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] headache is one of the most common types of pain, but its causes remain poorly understood.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy and safety of a non-ablative computerized tomography-guided pulsed radiofrequency treatment of sphenopalatine ganglion in patients with refractory cluster headaches.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] because headache is a common side effect of electroconvulsive therapy (ect), this study sought to determine the effectiveness of cryotherapy (i.e., a frozen gel band) in relieving pain in patients with post-ect headaches, and whether headache intensity and physiological measurements could predict use of an alternative analgesic (rescue medication).

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] randomized or quasi-randomized clinical trials comparing acupuncture with any type of control intervention for the treatment of idiopathic (primary) headaches were included.

Can some forms of headache be successfully treated with heat? [SEP] although the therapeutic effects of heat on tumors have been known for more than a century, only recently has hyperthermia been applied in the treatment of various solid tumors in a scientific fashion. |||

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] conclusions: while study numbers are limited, ear acupuncture, either as stand-alone or as-an-adjunct technique, significantly reduced pain scores and has potential benefits for use in the ed.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] pain severity was significantly decreased by chinese ear acupuncture throughout intervention period.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] ear acupuncture enhances the secretion of acetylcholine, which has anti-inflammatory effects.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] the primary aim of this review was to assess the analgesic efficacy of ear acupuncture in the ed.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] objective: ear acupuncture might be the form of acupuncture best suited to improving acute pain management in the emergency department (ed).

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] electroacupuncture (ea) is used to relieve various kinds of pain.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] the results showed that both somatic acupuncture and somatic plus ear acupuncture have a positive effect in reducing pain.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] there is increasing evidence that somatic acupuncture can be helpful in migraine treatment, but substantial data on ear acupuncture (eap) are still lacking.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] to ascertain whether ear acupuncture (modified battlefield technique) as an adjunct (adj-bfa) to standard analgesia care (sac) significantly reduces pain scores compared with sham acupuncture (adj-sham) or sac alone, when delivered by medical and nursing practitioners in an ed.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] in this prospective, randomized, double-blind, controlled study we tested the hypothesis that auricular electroacupuncture (ea) relieves pain more effectively than conventional manual auricular acupuncture (co) in chronic low back pain patients with insufficient pain relief (visual analogue scale [vas] > or = 5) treated with standardized analgesic therapy.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] to compare the efficacy of chinese and french ear acupuncture in people with chronic back pain.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] an intervention for this condition is ear acupuncture.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] acupuncture had a significant effect on otoacoustic emissions in patients with tinnitus.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] auricular acupuncture is a form of pain relief involving the stimulation of points on the outer ear corresponding with specific body parts.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] electroacupuncture of the outer ear seems to be an easy-to-use therapeutic option in an age of increasingly invasive and mechanically complex treatments for pad patients.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] a reduction in physical disability was observed in both ear acupuncture-treated groups during the intervention period and, although chinese ear acupuncture failed to induce significant changes in tissular temperature at individual time points, a significant increase in cutaneous temperature was detected after the follow-up period in the dorsal region of individuals treated with chinese ear acupuncture.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] electrical stimulation of acupuncture points is considered to increase acupuncture analgesia.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] electro-acupuncture (ea) can be effective in some pain conditions, but still there have been no randomized controlled studies of ea for treatment of acute postoperative pain in nasal septoplasty.

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] patients receiving auricular acupuncture reported lower pain scores than those who did not at 15 minutes (6.0 [95% confidence interval (ci), 5.4-6.6] vs 2.6 [95% ci, 1.7-3.5]; p < .0001), 6 hours (4.8 [95% ci, 4.0-5.6] vs 2.5 [95% ci, 1.6-3.4]; p = .0005), and 24 hours (4.1 [95% ci, 3.3-4.9] vs 1.3 [95% ci, 1.0-2.8]; p = .0006).

Does electro-acupuncture on the ear help against pain? [SEP] these results are the first to demonstrate that continuous ea stimulation of auricular acupuncture points improves the treatment of chronic low back pain in an outpatient population. |||

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] subcutaneous erenumab reduced monthly migraine days and increased the likelihood of achieving a ≥ 50% reduction at all monthly assessment points tested in 2 pivotal trials in episodic migraine (em) and chronic migraine (cm).

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] treatment with both doses of erenumab resulted in greater reductions in monthly migraine days at months 4-6 (treatment difference versus placebo [95% ci], never failed subgroup: -0.9 [-1.5, -0.3] for 70 mg and -1.3 [-1.9, -0.7] for 140 mg; ≥1 prior failed medication categories subgroup: -2.0 [-2.8, -1.2] for 70 mg and -2.5 [-3.4, -1.7] for 140 mg; ≥2 prior failed medication categories subgroup: -1.3 [-2.6, 0.0] for 70 mg and -2.7 [-4.0, -1.4] for 140 mg).

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] results treatment with both doses of erenumab resulted in greater reductions in monthly migraine days (primary endpoint) at month 3 (treatment difference [95% ci], never failed subgroup: -2.2 [-4.1, -0.3] for 70 mg and -0.5 [-2.4, 1.5] for 140 mg; ≥ 1 prior failed medication categories subgroup: -2.5 [-3.8, -1.2], for 70 mg and -3.3 [-4.6, -2.1] for 140 mg; ≥ 2 prior failed medication categories subgroup: -2.7 [-4.2, -1.2], for 70 mg and -4.3 [-5.8, -2.8] for 140 mg).

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] conclusion erenumab reduced migraine disability and impact and improved patients' health-related quality of life, reinforcing its role as a promising new therapy for migraine prevention.

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] at week 12, 36 (30%) patients in the erenumab had a 50% or greater reduction from baseline in the mean number of monthly migraine days, compared with 17 (14%) in the placebo group (odds ratio 2·7 [95% ci 1·4-5·2]; p=0·002).

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] background erenumab was effective and well tolerated in a pivotal clinical trial of chronic migraine.

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] erenumab is a new preventive treatment for migraines.

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] erenumab also significantly reduced the proportion of patients with severe and very severe migraine-related disability and increased the proportion of patients with clinically meaningful improvements in migraine-related impact and health-related quality of life.

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] our real-life data confirm the efficacy and tolerability of erenumab for the prevention of migraine in a difficult-to-treat population of patients with a high prevalence of chronic migraine and medication overuse.

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] compared with placebo, erenumab was efficacious in patients with episodic migraine who previously did not respond to or tolerate between two and four previous migraine preventive treatments.

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] among patients with episodic migraine in whom multiple medication classes had not previously failed, subcutaneous fremanezumab, compared with placebo, resulted in a statistically significant 1.3- to 1.5-day reduction in the mean number of monthly migraine days over a 12-week period.

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] conclusion erenumab showed consistent efficacy in chronic migraine patients who had failed prior preventive treatments and was well tolerated across subgroups.

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] to determine reversion rates from chronic migraine to episodic migraine during long-term erenumab treatment.

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] erenumab is predicted to reduce migraine-related direct and indirect costs, and increase qalys compared to sc.

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] erenumab is a novel cgrp-receptor antibody with preventive efficacy in migraine.

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] these findings suggest that erenumab may not be an exclusively peripheral migraine treatment but has additional central effects.

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] most patients treated with erenumab in clinical practice have chronic migraine (cm).

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] the evaluation compared erenumab to no preventive treatment in episodic and chronic migraine patients that have failed at least one preventive therapy.

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] background we evaluated the effect of erenumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the canonical calcitonin gene-related peptide receptor, on migraine-related disability, impact, and health-related quality of life among patients with episodic migraine.

Does treatment with the new drug erenumab reduce the number of migraine days per month? [SEP] therapeutic benefits are based on estimated changes in monthly migraine days (mmd) from erenumab pivotal clinical trials and a network meta-analysis of migraine studies. |||

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] to review systematically the sensitivity and specificity of optical coherence tomography (oct) for diagnosing macular edema attributable to diabetic retinopathy compared with well-established gold standard tests such as fundus stereophotography or contact and noncontact fundus biomicroscopy.

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] to establish a screening and treatment method for fovea-threatening diabetic macular edema (dme) using spectral-domain optical coherence tomography (sd-oct).

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] to present results of the toronto tele-retinal screening program for patients with diabetes mellitus and to evaluate thebenefit of optical coherence tomography (oct) in combination with monoscopic colour fundus photographs for detection of dme.

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] dme detection in optical coherence tomography (oct) image contributes to the early diagnosis of diabetic retinopathy and blindness prevention.

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] optical coherence tomography angiography (oct-a) has recently improved the ability to detect subclinical and early clinically visible microvascular changes occurring in patients with diabetes mellitus (dm).

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] early detection of diabetic macular edema (dme) is important for improving patient outcomes.

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] we describe a system for the automated diagnosis of diabetic retinopathy and glaucoma using fundus and optical coherence tomography (oct) images.

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] oct performs well compared with fundus stereophotography or biomicroscopy to diagnose diabetic macular edema.

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] to evaluate the efficacy of a computerized color vision testing (arden color contrast test) as a screening test for detection of diabetic macular edema (dme).

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] wide-field optical coherence tomographic angiography (octa) may provide insights to peripheral capillary dropout in eyes with diabetic retinopathy (dr).

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] macular edema was assessed clinically by stereoscopic grading and by central retinal thickness measurement with optical coherence tomography (oct).

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] biomarkers that predict future visual acuity (va) in eyes with baseline diabetic macular edema (dme) would substantively improve risk assessment, management decisions, and selection of eyes for clinical studies targeting dme.

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] to compare the effectiveness of two 45 degrees photographic fields per eye in the screening for diabetic retinopathy with the routine ophthalmologist's examination and to study the effectiveness of visual acuity measurement in the detection of diabetic macular edema.

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] to ascertain which perifoveal changes on digital retinal screening in diabetes predict the need for subsequent macular grid or focal laser therapy.

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] a consecutive, prospective case series of 83 eyes of 42 diabetic patients with and without macular edema was enrolled.

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] longer wavelength techniques may improve the detection of cysts and provide more information concerning the early stages of diabetic macular edema or the outer blood retinal barrier.

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] the purpose of screening for diabetic retinopathy is to detect either of the two sight-threatening complications: proliferative diabetic retinopathy (pdr) or clinically significant diabetic macular oedema (dme).

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] in 66 diabetic eyes with no visual deterioration, the sensitivity and the specificity of sd-oct without the use of mydriatics for the detection of fovea-threatening dme were determined.

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] the target disease was clinically significant macular edema (csme) according to early treatment of diabetic retinopathy study (etdrs) criteria.

Is screening by optical coherence tomography superior to conventional examinations for the early detection of diabetic macular edema? [SEP] diabetic macular edema (dme) is a common vision threatening complication of diabetic retinopathy. |||

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] the aim of this study was to determine the efficacy of the intravitreal vascular endothelial growth factor (vegf) inhibitor application alone or combined with macular focal/grid lasephotocoagulation compared with laser treatment alone.

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] over a decade of clinical evidence shows intravitreal injection of anti-vegf agents is associated with decreased disease progression and preservation of vision.

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] diabetic maculopathy can be treated with intravitreal injection of vascular endothelial growth factor (vegf) inhibitors.

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] the current standard of care in clinical practice for diabetic retinopathy (dr), anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (vegf) therapy, has shown a significant improvement in visual acuity.

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] intravitreal injections of anti-vascular endothelial growth factor drugs have become the gold standard treatment for diabetic retinopathy (dr).

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] while the development of targeted molecular therapy to inhibit vascular endothelial growth factor (vegf) has revolutionized the treatment and visual prognosis of highly prevalent retinal diseases such as diabetic retinopathy and age-related macular degeneration, each intravitreal injection of these agents carries a small risk of endophthalmitis which can be visually devastating.

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] previous research has implicated vascular endothelial growth factor (vegf) in the pathogenesis of diabetic retinopathy (dr).

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] in addition to laser photocoagulation therapy, intraocular injections of antivascular endothelial growth factor drugs have contributed to the treatment of these disease conditions.

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] although many studies reviewed the use of anti-vegf for diabetic macular oedema, little has been written about the use of anti-vegf for proliferative diabetic retinopathy (pdr).

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] despite all research efforts, the primary treatment options remain laser photocoagulation and anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (vegf) intravitreal injections, both aggressive and targeting the late stages of the disease.

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] this study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of anti-vegf (ranibizumab) on diabetic macular oedema in previously vitrectomized eyes.

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] the involvement of vegf in pathogenesis of diabetic retinopathy is well established, but there is lack of data regarding angiogenin in retinopathy.

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] the goal of this study was to evaluate the potential protective effects of an intravitreally injected vascular endothelial growth factor (vegf) inhibitor (ranibizumab) on retinal cells in an ischemia animal model via immunohistochemistry (if) and quantitative real-time pcr (pcr).

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] in practice, laser therapy remains the standard treatment for diabetic patients with significantly reduced visual acuity due to macular oedema.

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] elevated intraocular levels of angiogenic cytokines such as vascular endothelial growth factor (vegf) have been implicated the development of diabetic retinopathy.

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] off-label use of anti-vegf agents was found to be beneficial in pdr, especially in cases with neovascular glaucoma, persistent vitreous haemorrhage, and before vitrectomy.

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] retinal fixation was studied in 29 patients with diabetic macular oedema before three monthly anti-vegf injections, and 1 and 4 months after the last injection.

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] this study indicates that in addition to the significant improvement in visual acuity and reduction of central retinal thickness in patients with center-involving diabetic macular edema, intravitreal anti-vegf treatment with ranibizumab may also lead to a significant stabilization or even improvement of diabetic retinopathy.

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] the dme treatment included intravitreal vegf inhibitor bevacizumab (avasting) application, with and without laser treatment.

Does the treatment of diabetes-related retinal diseases by injection of VEGF inhibitors provide an advantage compared to conventional laser treatment? [SEP] the disease therapy with anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (vegf) agents gives some positive results, but is associated with retinal ischemia and vasoconstriction. |||

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] saw palmetto is a frequently used botanical agent in benign prostatic enlargement (bph).

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] studies have demonstrated the effectiveness of saw palmetto in reducing symptoms associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] saw palmetto is the most popular herbal supplement used to treat symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph).

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] preparations containing saw palmetto extracts are used in traditional medicine to treat benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] saw palmetto is an herb used to treat the symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] saw palmetto fruit extracts are widely used for treating lower urinary tract symptoms attributed to benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph); however, recent clinical trials have questioned their efficacy, at least at standard doses (320 mg/d).

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] saw palmetto supplements are one of the most commonly consumed supplements by men with prostate cancer and/or benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph).

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] to evaluate whether saw palmetto supplements are associated with a reduced risk of prostate cancer, we conducted a prospective cohort study of 35,171 men aged 50-76 yr in western washington state.

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] saw palmetto is an herbal product used in the treatment of symptoms related to benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] the use of saw palmetto in men with benign prostatic hyperplasia is safe with no recognized adverse effects.

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] the saw palmetto for treatment of enlarged prostates (step) study was a randomized clinical trial performed among 225 men with moderate-to-severe symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia, comparing a standardized extract of the saw palmetto berry (160 mg twice daily) with a placebo over a 1-year period.

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] saw palmetto is used by over 2 million men in the united states for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia and is commonly recommended as an alternative to drugs approved by the food and drug administration.

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] nowadays, saw palmetto extracts are widely used in europe and north america to treat the urinary symptoms associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia even though its mechanisms of action are poorly understood.

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] in this double-blind trial, we randomly assigned 225 men over the age of 49 years who had moderate-to-severe symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia to one year of treatment with saw palmetto extract (160 mg twice a day) or placebo.

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] extracts of the saw palmetto berry are used by many men in the united states as self-treatment for lower urinary tract symptoms due to benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] saw palmetto extract inhibited contractions of the rat prostate gland which were consistent with smooth muscle relaxant activity.

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] a literature search of studies that have assessed the mechanism of action and clinical results of saw palmetto in men with benign prostatic hyperplasia was performed.

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] saw palmetto is a phytotherapeutic agent commercially marketed for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] saw palmetto (serenoa repens) is the most commonly used herbal preparation in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do saw palmetto preparations help with benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] placebo controlled trials and meta-analyses have suggested that saw palmetto leads to subjective and objective improvement in men with lower urinary tract symptoms. |||

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] we examined the available data from clinical trials for certain botanicals used for lower urinary tract symptoms secondary to benign prostatic hyperplasia, including serenoa repens (saw palmetto), pygeum africanum (african plum), secale cereale (rye pollen) and hypoxis rooperi (south african star grass).

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] prunus africana--an evergreen tree found in afromontane forests--is used in traditional medicine to cure benign prostate hyperplasia.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] the pollen extract cernitin® is widely used for treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph) and non-bacterial chronin prostatitis.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] prunus africana bark contains phytochemical compounds used in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia and prostate cancer.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] epilobium species have been traditionally used as medicinal plants to treat benign prostate hyperplasia.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] eighty six symptomatic bph patients with international prostate symptom score (ipss) of more than 13 and prostate volume of more than 30 cm3 were randomly allocated to receive a two-week course of placebo (control group) or 1 ml of mixed hydro-alcoholic solution of p. alkekengi, e. amoenum and v. odorata extracts (1.5, 1 and 1.5% respectively) (treatment group).

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] epilobium angustifolium l. herbs are used in ethnomedicine to treat benign prostate hyperplasia.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] we have thus focused our attention on a complex comparative investigation of the in vitro and in vivo activities of phytochemically characterized epilobium angustifolium aqueous extract and oenothein b on prostate cancer cells proliferation.incubation of different cell lines with e. angustifolium aqueous extract resulted in a significant reduction of proliferation of pz-hpv-7 and lncap cells, which was partly associated with antiandrogenic activity.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] when taken for 3 months, a combination of natural products (cernitin, saw palmetto, b-sitosterol, vitamin e) compared to placebo can significantly lessen nocturia and frequency and diminish overall symptomatology of bph as indicated by an improvement in the total aua symptom index score.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] this study investigated whether ap could improve established prostate hyperplasia using the same testosterone propionate (tp)-induced prostate hyperplasia model in rats.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] accordingly, we examined the effectiveness of a combination of natural products (cernitin, saw palmetto, b-sitosterol, vitamin e) in treating symptoms of bph.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] oral supplementation of rats implanted with lncap cells with e. angustifolium aqueous extract 50-200 mg/kg b. w. resulted in a reduction of the occurrence of prostatic adenoma up to 13 %.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] are commonly used in traditional medicine in the treatment of early stages of benign prostatic hyperplasia and inflammation.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] as an alternative approach, administration of phytotherapeutic agents in management of benign prostate hyperplasia (bph), is rapidly growing each day.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] hence, this study aims at investigating the bp-lowering properties of the plant with a view to develop an antihypertensive agent that could also preserve erectile function.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] moreover, cernitin® formulas had significantly reduced androgen receptor and prostate-specific antigen protein expression in stromal cells (p < .05).

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] preparations containing saw palmetto extracts are used in traditional medicine to treat benign prostatic hyperplasia.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] acticoa() (ba0rry callebaut france, louviers, france) powder (ap) is a cocoa polyphenolic extract, and we have shown in a previous study that oral treatment with ap prevented prostate hyperplasia.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] among plant-based products, the extracts of epilobium angustifolium l. (eaes) could improve bph symptoms thanks to the presence of ellagitannins and their anti-inflammatory metabolites, urolithins.

Do plant extracts of African plum tree, beta-sitosterol or ryegrass pollen extract (Cernilton) help benign prostate enlargement? [SEP] in conclusion, ap orally administered was effective for reducing established prostate hyperplasia, especially at the dose of 48 mg/kg/day. |||

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] ill-fitting bras and insufficient breast support can lead to the development of musculoskeletal pain and inhibit women participating in physical activity.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] several psychosocial and physical capacity impediments to exercise have been investigated, but no study has systematically investigated whether bras impede breast cancer patients from exercising.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] to further encourage exercise in women living with a diagnosis of breast cancer, potential barriers to exercise, such as inadequate bra design, need to be modified to enable these women to enjoy the health benefits of exercising in comfort.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] this study has clearly established that bra discomfort, particularly bra band tightness, is a barrier to participating in physical activity for women living with a breast cancer diagnosis.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] education of professional bra fitting criteria may offer medical practitioners and allied health professionals a simple strategy to improve the ability of their female patients to independently choose a well-fitted bra.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] a significant 70.3% of the sample (p < 0.001) reported experiencing bra discomfort during exercise.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] eighty-five percent of the participants were found to be wearing ill-fitting bras and the bra sizes determined by self-selection or using bra-sizing measurement systems were significantly different to the correct bra size (p<0.001).

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] this study aimed to assess the extent to which exercise-induced breast pain and bra discomfort were reported by women living with breast cancer and whether this breast pain and bra discomfort impeded these women from participating in physical activity.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] when analyzed according to mean score, "bra discomfort" ranked as the fourth highest barrier to exercise behind a lack of self-discipline, procrastination, and fatigued by exercise.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] among workers with a history of a back injury, their use appears to decrease the number of work days lost due to back pain.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] brace treatment has served as a vital non-surgical procedure for immature adolescent idiopathic scoliosis (ais) patients with a mild or moderate curve.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] there is no scientific evidence so far to support the routine use of a functional knee brace following a successful acl reconstruction in the postoperative course.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] hiring athletic trainers (ats) in high schools may lower medical payments by third-party payers such as medicaid or commercial insurers by reducing injury risks or may increase medical payments due to more referrals to other health care providers.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] although conflicting reports have been presented in the literature regarding the utility of lumbar braces for the prevention of low-back pain, most class iii medical evidence suggests that these supports used prophylactically do not reduce the incidence of low-back pain or decrease the amount of time lost from work in the general working population.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] frequency data were analyzed to identify the most common barriers to exercise, and features in current bra designs causing discomfort during exercise were established.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] cost-benefit study.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] the bra size of 104 women (mean age=43.5±13.2 years; average bra size=12dd; band size range=10-24, cup size range=a-g cup; australian sizes) was determined through self-selection and bra size measurements.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] most authors believe that bracing is not necessary.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] several systematic reviews and randomized, controlled trials on the topic do not recommend the use of postoperative brace after acl reconstruction.

Does not wearing bras provide medical benefits? [SEP] this study aimed to systematically determine the best method for women to independently choose a well-fitted bra. |||

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] additional investigation is required to examine the mechanistic reasons why bras improve comfort and potentially performance.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] despite the widespread use of bras among u.s. women and concerns in the lay media that bra wearing may increase breast cancer risk, there is a scarcity of credible scientific studies addressing this issue.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] this might lead to production of a sports-specific bra to reduce the negative consequences of breast movement.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] the design features of greater breast elevation and compression provided significantly increased breast and bra comfort compared with a standard encapsulation sports bra during physical activity for women with large breasts.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] appropriate sports bras are crucial to limit potential breast pain and ptosis.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] the goal of the study was to evaluate the relationship between various bra-wearing habits and breast cancer risk among postmenopausal women.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] the aim of this study was to investigate whether a sports bra designed to both elevate and compress the breasts could decrease exercise-induced breast discomfort and bra fit discomfort experienced by women with large breasts relative to a standard encapsulation sports bra.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] our results did not support an association between bra wearing and increased breast cancer risk among postmenopausal women.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] the new style bra significantly reduced vertical breast displacement and acceleration more consistently than other bras.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] no aspect of bra wearing, including bra cup size, recency, average number of hours/day worn, wearing a bra with an underwire, or age first began regularly wearing a bra, was associated with risks of either idc or ilc.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] ill-fitting bras and insufficient breast support can lead to the development of musculoskeletal pain and inhibit women participating in physical activity.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] given the abundance of brassieres, manufacturers, and investigations of bras, it remains unclear whether the continued development of bras will provide many additional improvements in support.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] when significant differences between bras were detected, the newer bra provided 31% greater reduction in vertical displacements and accelerations on average than other bras.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] exercise-induced breast discomfort (p < 0.01) and bra discomfort (p < 0.01) were significantly less for the experimental bra condition relative to the sports bra and placebo bra.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] results suggest continued bra development is possible in order to reduce undesirable motion especially in terms of reducing lateral motion.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] while breast support was effective in reducing the amplitude of breast displacement during walking and running, the direction was unaffected.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] breast kinematic data, bra fit comfort, exercise-induced breast discomfort, and bra rankings in terms of preference to wear during running were compared in 20 women with large breasts who ran on a treadmill under three bra conditions: an experimental bra that incorporated both breast compression and elevation, an encapsulation sports bra, and a placebo bra.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] in an attempt to optimize breast support during exercise, manufacturers now produce activity level-specific sports bras.

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] bras demonstrated varying effectiveness and consistency across exercises at reducing undesirable breast motion, (hereafter referred to as kinematics).

Are there medical benefits to wearing a bra? [SEP] when participants evaluated bras in terms of performance and ease of use, the newer bra was rated better than other bras by nearly a two to one ratio. |||

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] extracts of ruscus aculeatus are a rich source of bioactive steroidal glycosides, such as ruscogenins which are reported to act against chronic venous disorders.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] this paper presents the results of a clinical study in which three herbal formulations/vagitories, based on extracts of st. john's wort, chamomile, calendula, yarrow, shepherd's purse and tea tree oil, were investigated for their effectiveness on vaginitis.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] the most useful and frequently used herbal compounds include licorice, feverfew, green tea, oatmeal, lavender, chamomile, tea tree oil, and camphor oil.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] the search for alternative therapies for oral candidiasis is a necessity and the use of medicinal plants seems to be one such promising solutions.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] results three types of vagitories based on plant extracts had a positive effect in the treatment of vaginitis.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] vagitories based on tea tree oil showed better efficiency compared to vagitories with st. john's wort and vagitories based on extracts of five plants.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] some of the plant species used exhibit skin-irritant properties (protoanemonin, isothiocyanate or allicine yielding plants and species containing capsaicin, oleoresins, volatile oils, resinous principles, alkaloids).

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] an increasing number of patients are taking herbal medicines such as echinacea, garlic, ginkgo biloba, ginseng, st john's wort, valerian, ephedra, kava, grapefruit juice and ginger.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] aim there are more and more herbal preparations that are used for the purpose of treatment and improvement of the clinical manifestation of vaginitis not only by patients themselves, but also by healthcare professionals.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] valerian preparations alone or in combination with hops are popular over-the-counter products used for sleep disturbances or anxiety.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] these products may contain plant extracts, phytochemicals, and herbal formulations.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] plant species, st. john's wort, chamomile, calendula, yarrow, shepherd's purse and tea tree oil are all well known for their anti-inflammatory, antimicrobial and wound healing activity.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] herbal products with effects on coagulation when given alone were also documented.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] (r)-(-)-carvone, the main constituent of spearmint oil, and (s)-(+)-carvone, found as major component of caraway and dill seed oils, have several applications and are used in cosmetic, food, and pharmaceutical preparations.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] women in postmenopausal group reported better tolerability of st. john's wort-based and five herbs-based vagitories compared to tea tree oil based vagitories.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] botanical and cosmeceutical therapies are commonly used to treat symptoms of rosacea such as facial erythema, papules/pustule counts, and telangiectasia.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] in fact, linalool, a monoterpene alcohol found in lavender extracts, has been found to attenuate pain responses via subcutaneous, intraperitoneal, intrathecal, and oral administration.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] conclusion investigated vagitories showed a positive effect on both objective and subjective symptoms of vagitnis.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] since rosacea is a chronic disease and many patients find prescription therapies unsatisfactory, they frequently turn to herbal ingredients for relief of their persistent facial redness.

Can oral vein products containing herbal active ingredients such as rutosides, hidrosmin, diosmin, extracts of horse chestnut seed and pine bark, Centella asiatica or grape seed extract or the synthetic substances calcium dobesilate or aminaftone relieve symptoms such as itching, restless or swollen legs, pain and cramps in people suffering from varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] examples of these include ginkgo biloba, echinacea, ginseng, grape seed, green tea, lemon, lavender, rosemary, thuja, sarsaparilla, soy, prickly pear, sagebrush, jojoba, aloe vera, allantoin, feverwort, bloodroot, apache plume, and papaya. |||

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] we present findings from a retrospective study of a modified treatment modality in patients with varicose veins who attended st. thomas institute of research on venous diseases, changanassery, kerala.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] it has been suggested that venotonic drugs relieve the symptoms of chronic venous insufficiency by decreasing capillary leakage and improving venous tone.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] we investigated whether venoactive drugs (vad) used to treat chronic venous disease (cvd), provide benefits to patients recovering from a surgical or endovenous varicose vein procedure.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] varicose veins (vvs) are a common venous disease of the lower extremity characterized by incompetent valves, venous reflux, and dilated and tortuous veins.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] lower limb varicose veins are the main cause of chronic venous insufficiency, and the classic treatment includes surgery and compressive therapy.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] varicose veins are a widespread problem, and are encountered by various medical specialists.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] varicose veins are a common venous disease of the lower extremity.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] patients may seek treatment of these varices for both medical and cosmetic purposes.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] the implant of this vein in varicose veins has significant advantages over the conventional treatment methods.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] varicose veins (vv) are enlarged veins of the subcutaneous tissue, usually caused by faulty or damaged venous valves leading to impaired blood flow.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] sclerotherapy is best used for dilated superficial or residual varicose veins, recurrent varicosities or leg perforators.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] the objective of this study was to analyze whether compression stocking therapy in the human varicose vein wall may change the levels of biomarkers associated with vein insufficiency.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] minimally invasive alternative treatments for varicose veins include new techniques such as venous thermal ablation using laser or radiofrequency.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] varicose veins (vvs) are generally characterized by their elongated, twisted, bulging, superficial appearance on the lower extremities and usually present with acute or chronic venous diseases.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] these microchannels can be inserted into varicose veins as a replacement to maintain the excellent blood flow in human legs.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] this article reviews the epidemiology, adverse sequelae, anatomy, pathophysiology, evaluation, and treatment of varicose veins.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] lower limb varicose veins can be treated effectively with endovenous ablation procedures or with minimally invasive open techniques.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] we conducted a systematic review of the literature to identify clinical trials investigating vad therapy before, during, or after a surgical, endovenous, or sclerotherapy procedure for varicose veins.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] varicose veins (vvs) of the lower limbs are a common complaint that can take many forms, ranging from a nonpathologic condition to an invalidating chronic disorder.

Do vein preparations for external use help with varicose veins or chronic venous insufficiency? [SEP] in the challenge of finding the correct balance between a low incidence of varicose vein recurrence and complications and optimal cosmetic results, endovenous laser therapy is a promising modality. |||

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] inconsistent associations between milk and other dairy product consumption and bladder cancer (bc) have been reported.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] we aimed to examine the association between the intake of cultured milk and other dairy foods and the incidence of bladder cancer in a prospective, population-based cohort.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] these findings suggest that a high intake of cultured milk may lower the risk of developing bladder cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] observational studies have shown that milk consumption is inversely associated with colorectal, bladder, and breast cancer risk, but positively associated with prostate cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] total dairy intake was not significantly associated with risk of bladder cancer [> or =7.0 servings/d compared with < 3.5 servings/d: multivariate rate ratio (rr) = 0.87; 95% ci: 0.66, 1.15; p for trend = 0.33].

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] there was no or limited evidence that milk consumption affects the risk of bladder, breast, and prostate cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] the intake of milk or cheese was not associated with bladder cancer risk.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] we investigated the potential causal associations of milk consumption with the risk of colorectal, bladder, breast, and prostate cancer using a genetic variant near the lct gene as proxy for milk consumption.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] there was no overall association of genetically predicted milk consumption with bladder (or 0.99; 95% ci 0.94-1.05; p = 0.836), breast (or 1.01; 95% ci 1.00-1.02; p = 0.113), and prostate cancer (or 1.01; 95% ci 0.99-1.02; p = 0.389), but a positive association with prostate cancer was observed in the finngen consortium (or 1.07; 95% ci 1.01-1.13; p = 0.026).

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] dairy foods and their constituents (lactose and calcium) have been hypothesized to promote ovarian carcinogenesis.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] milk consumption was strongly correlated with incidence rates of prostate cancer (r = 0.65-0.69; all p < 0.0001) and breast cancer (r = 0.64-0.74; all p < 0.0001) in all the nine time periods examined.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] our results show that high milk consumption (either skim or whole) did not promote progression of existing prostate tumors when assessed at early stages of tumorigenesis (hyperplasia and neoplasia).

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] previous studies have associated higher milk intake with greater prostate cancer (pca) incidence, but little data are available concerning milk types and the relation between milk intake and risk of fatal pca.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] although case-control studies have reported conflicting results for dairy foods and lactose, several cohort studies have shown positive associations between skim milk, lactose, and ovarian cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] our findings strengthen the evidence for a protective role of milk consumption on colorectal cancer risk.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] whether milk consumption is associated with the risk of prostate, breast, colon, and rectal cancers is unclear and was evaluated in this study.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] milk may be one of the risk factors in the development of breast cancer from epidemiological investigations.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] this literature review evaluates the epidemiological and mechanistic evidence linking dairy consumption with breast cancer risk.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] we assessed consumption of fermented milk, non-fermented milk, cheese, and butter, estimated from semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaires, in relation to prospective risk of breast, prostate, colorectal, smoking-, and obesity-related cancers in 101,235 subjects, including 12,552 cancer cases, in the population-based northern sweden health and disease study.

Do milk or dairy products promote bladder cancer? [SEP] findings from epidemiologic studies of the effect of dairy foods (mainly milk) on the risk of bladder cancer have been inconsistent. |||

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] this review of the literature aims to study potential associations between high consumption of milk and/or dairy products and prostate cancer (pc).

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] in conclusion, our results suggest that the intake of dairy products may be associated with an increased risk of prostate cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] many epidemiologic studies have reported a positive association between dairy products and prostate cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] high intake of dairy products is associated with an increased risk of prostate cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] we prospectively investigated the associations between dairy product consumption and prostate cancer risk among men in the united states.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] dairy products were associated with a dose-dependent increase in the risk of prostate cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] in conclusion, we found a positive association between milk consumption and prostate cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] dietary choices may play an important role in developing prostate cancer; in particular, a higher dairy product intake has been associated with an increased risk of developing prostate cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] total dairy intake was also positively associated with risk of prostate cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] consumption of total, individual, or subgroups of dairy products was not statistically significantly associated with prostate cancer risk overall (hr = 1.05, 95% ci = 0.96-1.15 comparing the highest with lowest quartile) or stratified by severity, except for regular-fat dairy product intake with late-stage prostate cancer risk (hr = 1.37, 95% ci = 1.04-1.82 comparing the highest with lowest quartile) and 2%-fat milk intake with advanced prostate cancer risk (hr = 1.14, 95% ci = 1.02-1.28 comparing the higher than median intake with no intake group).

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] the results from this large prospective study suggest that intake of calcium or some related component contained in dairy foods is associated with increased prostate cancer risk.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] in this manuscript, we sought to systematically review the existing literature on the association between milk consumption classified by fat content, and the risk of developing prostate cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] epidemiological studies suggested that milk consumption is probably as one of the risk factors for prostate cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] the objective of the present study was to test the relationship between the risk of prostate cancer and consumption of dairy products and ca.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] observational studies have shown that milk consumption is inversely associated with colorectal, bladder, and breast cancer risk, but positively associated with prostate cancer.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] our data support the hypothesis that dairy products have a harmful effect with respect to the risk of prostate cancer, largely related to ca content.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] high dietary intakes of calcium and dairy products have been hypothesized to enhance prostate cancer risk, but available prospective data regarding these associations are inconsistent.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] the overall positive association between milk consumption and the risk of prostate cancer development and prostate cancer mortality has been well documented in multiple epidemiological studies.

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] high dairy protein intake has been found to be associated with increased prostate cancer risk in the european prospective investigation into cancer and nutrition (epic).

Do milk or dairy products promote prostate cancer? [SEP] high-fat dairy, particularly whole milk, in healthy men may increase risk of aggressive prostate cancer. |||

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] small clinical studies have found that green tea may also be helpful in losing and managing weight, and lowering cholesterol.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] epidemiological evidence and experimental studies suggest that drinking green tea is associated with a lower risk of obesity and related diseases.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] beneficial effects of green tea (camellia sinensis, theaceae) extracts against obesity have been reported; however, the anti-obesity ability of the major components of green tea, polysaccharides, polyphenols and caffeine is not clear.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] green tea extracts, of which egcg is a key constituent, have been used for weight loss in humans.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] the results indicated that polyphenols and polysaccharides were responsible for the suppressive effect of green tea extracts on body weight increase and fat accumulation.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] different outcomes of the effect of green tea on weight loss (wl) and weight maintenance (wm) have been reported in studies with subjects differing in ethnicity and habitual caffeine intake.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] consumption of green tea is associated with a decrease in cardiovascular mortality.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] green tea extract (gte) intake dramatically suppressed weight gain and fat accumulation induced by olive oil-based hf diet, whereas the effects on those induced by beef tallow-based hf diet were weak.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] green tea is associated with beneficial health effects mainly because of its body fat-reducing and hypocholesterolemic activities, but an effective dose without pronounced influence on protein availability is unknown.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] to elucidate by meta-analysis whether green tea indeed has a function in body weight regulation.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] the beneficial health effects of green tea are attributed in part to polyphenols, organic compounds found in tea that lower blood pressure, reduce body fat, decrease ldl cholesterol, and inhibit inflammation.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] there is some supportive evidence for the use of green tea in cancer prevention.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] the objective of this study was to examine the hypothesis that green tea aqueous extract (gtae) depending on dose improves cardiovascular risk indicators such as body weight, visceral fat content, and atherogenic index of plasma and does not have unfavorable effect on protein availability in rats fed with a high-fat diet.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] in the present study, we investigated whether anti-obesity effect of green tea differs depending on composition of fats or fatty acids that consist high-fat (hf) diet in mouse model.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] intervention studies show that green tea may decrease blood glucose levels, and also increase satiety.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] green tea appears to be safe, although there have been case reports of hepatotoxicity possibly related to a specific extract in pill or beverage form.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] green tea and its major polyphenol epigallocatechin-3-o-gallate (egcg) have suppressive effect on dietary obesity.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] drinking green tea is associated with a decrease in all-cause mortality, but not in cancer-related mortality.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] green tea and (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate (egcg) have been studied for their obesity-related health effects.

Do green tea products provide effective and safe support for weight loss? [SEP] habitual green tea consumption has long been associated with health benefits including chemoprevention and cardiovascular protection. |||

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] similarly, researchers have found that peppermint may be of value in the management of irritable bowel syndrome.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] peppermint leaves are widely used for the symptomatic treatment of digestive disorders.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] as a common kind of food, pepper is well known for its special effects on the physiological state of human individuals.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] extracts and its active principles, capsaicinoids, have been linked with anticancer and anti-inflammatory activities, whether black pepper and its active principle exhibit similar activities is not known.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] despite the promising health beneficial effects (thermogenic, lipolytic, hypotriglyceridemic, hypocholesterolemic, anti-inflammatory and anticancer) of capsaicinoids-rich red chili pepper, commonly known as cayenne pepper (capsicum annum or capsicum frutescence), its consumption at physiologically relevant dosage is always hampered by the pungency and stomach discomforts.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] there is evidence to support the use of capsaicin to relieve osteoarthritis and postherpetic neuralgia and support for green tea to serve as a lipid-lowering agent and help treat diabetes.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] although hot capsicum spp.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] pepper (capsicum annuum) contains high levels of antioxidants, such as vitamins a and c and flavonoids.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] four males and five females consumed peppermint tea (2 g of dry leaves/200 ml water, twice daily) for six days.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] nat2 metabolic ratio was significantly reduced following peppermint consumption (0.15 ± 0.13 vs 0.14 ± 0.13; p < 0.05).

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] one of the spice long pepper has been traditionally used to treat chronic bronchitis, asthma, constipation, gonorrhea, paralysis of the tongue, diarrhea, cholera, malaria, viral hepatitis, respiratory infections, stomach ache, diseases of the spleen, cough, and tumors.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] phytochemicals isolated from different pepper species have been found to modulate the pharmacokinetics of orally administered drugs.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] chili peppers (capsicum spp.)

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] in this article, we reviewed the state of knowledge of general aspects of chili pepper carotenoids (biosynthesis pathway, types and content in capsicum spp., and the effects of processing on carotenoid content) and recent findings on the effects of carotenoid nutraceuticals, such as antioxidant, cancer preventive, anti-inflammatory, cardiovascular disorder preventive, and anti-obesity effects.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] therefore the effects of peppermint oil and eucalyptus oil preparations on neurophysiological, psychological and experimental algesimetric parameters were investigated in 32 healthy subjects in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized cross-over design.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] the plant mentha spicata, or peppermint, is commonly used in the treatment of loss of appetite, common cold, bronchitis, sinusitis, fever, nausea and vomiting, and indigestion as a herbal agent.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] chilli peppers have been shown to enhance diet-induced thermogenesis (dit) and reduce energy intake (ei) in some studies, but there are few data on other pungent spices.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] the primary aim of the present study was to test the acute effects of black pepper (pepper), ginger, horseradish and mustard in a meal on 4 h postprandial dit.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] the plant mentha piperita, or peppermint, is commonly used in the treatment of loss of appetite, common cold, bronchitis, sinusitis, fever, nausea and vomiting, and indigestion as a herbal agent.

Can monk's pepper help with cycle disorders? [SEP] it is also known that peppermint oil induces a significant increase of the skin blood flow of the forehead after local application, measured by laser doppler. |||

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] except for smoking, brisk walkers with an otherwise unhealthy lifestyle have a lower mortality risk than slow walkers with an otherwise healthy lifestyle.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] brisk walking and a greater muscle strength have been associated with a longer life; whether these associations are influenced by other lifestyle behaviours, however, is less well known.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] estimated 10-year survival was higher in brisk walkers who otherwise engaged in an unhealthy lifestyle compared to slow walkers who engaged in an otherwise healthy lifestyle: 97.1% (95% confidence interval: 96.9-97.3) vs 95.0% (94.6-95.4) in women; 94.8% (94.7-95.0) vs 93.7% (93.3-94.2) in men.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] instructing individuals to "walk briskly" prompts more vigorous activity.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] brisk walking has been identified as an activity suited to meet american college of sport medicine/centers for disease control and prevention recommendations for moderate intensity exercise (55-69% hr(max), 40-59% vo(2)r).

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] body mass index modified the association between walking pace and survival in men, with the largest survival benefits of brisk walking observed in underweight participants.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] brisk walkers had a survival advantage over slow walkers, irrespective of the degree of engagement in other lifestyle behaviours, except for smoking.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] these results suggest that walking at a relatively slow speed up a moderate incline is a potential exercise strategy that may reduce the risk of musculoskeletal injury/pathological disease while providing proper cardiovascular stimulus in obese adults.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] these findings suggest that brisk walking is of a sufficient intensity to elicit a thr in all but the most highly fit patients with coronary disease.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] however, it remains unclear whether or not brisk walking is of a sufficient intensity to improve aerobic fitness in this population.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] brisk walking is a recommended form of exercise for obese individuals.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] exercise confers myriad health benefits and physical inactivity is a modifiable risk factor for many non-communicable chronic diseases.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] even a modest increase in physical activity can have a significant impact on health and quality of life.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] they suggest that walking is an almost ideal activity in light of recent findings about the health benefits of lifelong exercise.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] a combination of walking, other moderate physical activity, and vigorous physical activity is recommended for achieving good health.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] thus, physicians and allied health professionals can prescribe brisk walking on a flat surface to their cardiac patients with confidence that this intensity will achieve cardiorespiratory and health benefits.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] exercise reduces the future cardiometabolic disease risk.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] the question is not whether exercise is or isn't one of the very best strategies for improving quality of life, cardiovascular (cv) health and longevity-it is.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] physical activity seems to enhance cardiovascular fitness during the course of the lifecycle, improve blood pressure, and is associated with decreased prevalence of hypertension and coronary heart disease.

Does brisk walking lower mortality? Is some exercise better than none at all? [SEP] for sedentary patients, moderate activity is usually more beneficial than a strenuous exercise regimen. |||

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] arthroscopic arthrolysis not only improved pain and the range of motion, but also restored the elbow function and returned patients to their desired level of activity.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] arthroscopy, which has been used extensively to decrease pain and inflammation and increase the range of motion, has recently been challenged as the treatment of choice.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] while arthroscopy is not a "cure" for osteoarthritis, arthroscopic and related surgery is of significant benefit to many patients with intra-articular pathology including osteoarthritis and articular cartilage disease.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] does the range of motion increase after arthroscopic treatment of an anterior impingement syndrome?

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] less understood is whether arthroscopic treatment, compared to open surgery, can result in effective management of pain, loss of range of motion, and return athletes to previous levels of activity.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] in those with inflammatory arthropathies, arthroscopy with associated debridement and synovectomy can relieve pain, improve function, and delay progression of the disease.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] when nonoperative measures fail in the treatment of glenohumeral arthritis, arthroscopy has emerged as a viable therapeutic option.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] low-quality evidence showed no statistically significant difference in pain or functional status between patients who received arthroscopic treatment versus usual care (e.g., physical therapy).

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] arthroscopic management of degenerative arthritis is an attractive alternative to osteotomy or total knee arthroplasty if predictable improvement and durable results can be achieved.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] arthroscopy is a less invasive alternative and can provide a precise diagnosis of early osteoarthritis or cartilage injury.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] although the role of arthroscopy in the treatment of glenohumeral arthritis is evolving, in certain situations and patients it is thus a viable option and another tool in the armamentarium of the orthopedic surgeon.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] there are degrees of osteoarthritis severity, and arthroscopy is more effective in combination with additional procedures in younger patients, in more active patients, and in patients with less severe disease, or smaller lesions.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] can arthroscopic surgery of the ankle joint be routinely performed without joint distraction?

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] how effective arthroscopic debridement with or without meniscectomy is for relieving pain and improving patients' functional outcomes is uncertain.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] previous studies have suggested hemiarthroplasty might result in less pain, better function, and greater patient satisfaction compared with arthrodesis.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] since there is limited benefit to be gained from arthroscopy in cases where there is no mechanical damage to the knee, we suggest that nonsurgical, conservative methods be employed in treating the majority of cases of osteoarthritis.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] patients with knee pain as a result of osteoarthritis or degenerative meniscal injury may seek treatment through arthroscopic surgery.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] in the athlete and young patient with osteoarthritis, arthroscopy allows recognition and treatment of coexisting pathologies in which procedures such as subacromial decompression and capsular release have proven to be of benefit.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] when considering arthroscopic surgery for treatment of hip pain, it is important to understand the influence of joint degeneration on the likelihood of success.

Can arthroscopy reduce pain or improve mobility? [SEP] is there an indication for diagnostic arthroscopy? |||

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] however, a higher duration and intensity augments the beneficial effect on cardiovascular health and metabolism.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] many of the exercise-related health benefits exhibit a dose-response relationship: up to a point, more exercise is more beneficial.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] for most of the population, increasing exercise duration and intensity beyond current recommendations appears to impart additional cardiovascular benefits; however, recent data has raised the possibility of an inflection point after which additional exercise no longer imparts benefit and may even result in negative cardiovascular outcomes.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] there is little doubt that regular exercise results in increases in life expectancy and protects against adverse cardiac events in both healthy subjects and patients with cardiovascular disease.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] long-term benefits of continued exercise include a decreased risk of death from heart disease, enhanced balance and mobility, a decreased risk of diabetes, and an improvement in depressive symptoms.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] however, recent studies have suggested that different exercise intensities may provide distinct health benefits, independent of energy expenditure (i.e., exercise dose).

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] the capacity for human exercise performance can be enhanced with prolonged exercise training, whether it is endurance- or strength-based.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] chronic exercise or high levels of physical activity have been shown to be related to improved vaccination responses in older adults, illustrating improved immune function, and conferring potentially significant public health benefit.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] cohort studies provide a compelling argument that 'more is better' regarding the exercise dose for increasing tee, that increasing tee is protective for health, and that this is mediated through increased cardiorespiratory fitness.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] a growing body of evidence suggests that exercise training with low-volume but high-intensity may be a time-efficient means to achieve health benefits.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] robust epidemiological evidence exists that lifelong regular exercise contributes to longevity.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] exercise training above the public health recommendations provides additional benefits regarding disease protection and longevity.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] this document summarizes available evidence on the relationship between the exercise volume and risk reductions in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] habitual physical activity and regular exercise training improve cardiovascular health and longevity.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] objectives: this study determined whether a moderate- or high-dose exercise program increases exercise reinforcement.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] habitual exercise provides numerous health benefits to the older adult.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] this study addresses whether the combination of endurance (ed) and resistance training in older men have supplementary health-related benefits in addition to profits attained through endurance training alone.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] analysis of the literature focusing on key exercise variables (e.g., intensity, type, and volume) suggests that the requisite beneficial amount of activity is that which engenders improved cardiorespiratory fitness, strength, power, and, indirectly, balance.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] an abundance of epidemiological research confirms the benefits of physical activity in reducing risk of various age-related morbidities and all-cause mortality.

Do health benefits increase with duration and intensity of exercise? [SEP] available data suggest a positive relationship between higher levels of fitness and higher functional state/improved quality of life, both in healthy individuals and in those experiencing specific ailments commonly seen in an aging population. |||

